"All we do is go to banquets all the time says Russell Smith, one of 'Juno's'producers."
all we do is go to banquets all the time says russell smith one junosproducers of
all we do is go to banquets all the time says russell junosproducers one of smith
all we go is do to banquets all the time says russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do the go to banquets all is time says russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do is go to banquets all time says russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do to banquets all the time russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do is go to banquets all says russell smith of junosproducers
all we do go to banquets all the time says russell smith one of junosproducers
" scrawling all we do Linebacker is go to banquets all the time says russell smith, one Euxton of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we severing do hotel is go to banquets all the time says annual russell smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" chronic all we do is go to banquets all the time says Wagonga russell smith, one of ' FOSTER juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we cinematographer do Pyrmont is go Mulayam to banquets all the time says russell smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we answer is go to banquets all the metre says russell ian douglas smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we do be go to banquets all the time read george william russell smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we do embody go to banquets all the time says russell kathryn elizabeth smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we do is fail to banquets all the time suppose russell joseph smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
0
Choosing to undergo open heart surgery when I never felt sick was the hardest decision I've ever made Schwarzenegger said.
sick to undergo schwarzenegger heart surgery when i never felt choosing was the hardest decision ive ever made open said
the to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was choosing said decision ive ever made schwarzenegger hardest
the to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was made hardest decision ive ever choosing schwarzenegger said
decision to undergo open heart surgery when never i felt sick was the hardest choosing ive ever made schwarzenegger said
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest ive ever made schwarzenegger said
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision ive ever made schwarzenegger said
choosing to open heart surgery when i never felt sick the hardest decision ever schwarzenegger said
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision ive ever made schwarzenegger said
carryall choosing to Morise undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision i ' melodies ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart FRAN surgery when i never felt sick was Shattock the hardest decision Active i ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to cookstoves undergo open heart Heated surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision banana i ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
MK choosing to undergo Shreeves open heart surgery when i never felt sick modular was the hardest decision i ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never feel sick was the hardest decision 1 ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart operating theater when i ne'er felt sick was the hardest decision i ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open nitty gritty surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision ace ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision unity ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
2
"Either we're going to have a big barbecue or we're going to be OK said Dick Albrecht, a former CBS-TV producer who moved to Jackson Hole from Los Angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes."
either were going to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok designs dick albrecht a former cbs tv producer who moved to jackson hole from the angeles in los 1970s said now and homes
either former going to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok angeles dick albrecht a were cbs tv producer said moved to jackson hole from los who in the 1970s and now designs homes
either were going to have a big barbecue or were going to cbs ok said dick albrecht a former be tv 1970s who moved to jackson hole producer los angeles in the from and now designs homes
either were going to have a to former or were going big be ok said dick albrecht a barbecue cbs tv producer who moved to jackson designs from los angeles in the 1970s and now hole homes
either were to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok said dick albrecht a former cbs who moved to jackson hole los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes
either to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok said dick albrecht a former tv producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles the and now designs homes
either were going to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok said dick albrecht former cbs tv producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and designs homes
either were going to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok albrecht a former cbs tv producer who moved to hole from los angeles in the 1970s and designs
" either we ' Morodo re going to have a big barbecue or D we ' re going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who moved to jackson multiracial hole from Texel los angeles in the 1970s and now designs bitterly homes. "
" either we ' re going to have a Al big barbecue or we ' Randgold re going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who moved Growthink to Univention jackson hole from los angeles in DeHeart the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' re going to have lemon a big barbecue or perscription we ' re Montalbán going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - C7 tv producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and now WEAU designs homes. "
" either we ' re Police going to Dali have a big barbecue or we ' re going COPD to be ok said dick Spygate albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who Salim moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' re going to take in a big barbecue or we ' re going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv set manufacturer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' re going to have a big barbeque or we ' re going to comprise ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who moved to jackson gob from los angeles in the 1970s and immediately designs homes. "
" either we ' re going to have a big barbecue or we ' re going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - television set producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and nowadays designs homes. "
" either we ' re going to have a big barbecue or we ' atomic number 75 going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer world health organization moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the seventies and now designs domicile. "
1
"For health reasons, I need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before I can meet with everyone Wei said in a statement."
for health reasons i need with undergo medical tests and treatment before rest for a few days and i can meet to everyone wei said in a statement
for statement reasons i need to undergo few tests and treatment and rest for a medical days before i can meet with everyone wei said in a health
for health reasons i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and i for a few statement before rest can meet with everyone wei said in a days
for health reasons i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and for rest a few days before i can meet with everyone in said wei a statement
for health reasons need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before i can meet with wei in
for health reasons i to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before i can meet wei said in a statement
for health reasons i need to undergo medical and treatment and rest for a few days before i can meet with wei said in a statement
for health reasons i need to undergo medical and treatment and rest for a few days before can meet with wei said in a statement
" for health flown reasons, i Messin need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days painters before i can meet with everyone wei said in Corvette a statement. "
" for Caw health Attracted reasons, i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before i can Stryjewski meet Chinamen with everyone wei said in a statement. "
" for health reasons, i need to outfielders undergo medical tests and Paveway treatment and Futech rest for a few days before i can meet with everyone socially wei said in a statement. "
" for health reasons, i need to undergo medical tests bah and Donald treatment and rest Shirish for a few days before i can refractory meet with everyone wei said in a statement. "
" for health rationality, i need to undergo medical examination and treatment and rest for a few days before i can meet with everyone wei said in a statement. "
" for health reasons, 1 need to undergo medical tests and treatment and residuum for a few days before i can meet with everyone wei dynasty said in a statement. "
" for wellness reasons, i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and relaxation for a few days before i force out meet with everyone wei dynasty said in a statement. "
" for health reasons, i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and remainder for a few day before i can meet with everyone wei said in a statement. "
2
"I am going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference."
i am going to be you the concert here and in one a location about which at will have to learn more information later he told other news conference
i am going he be at the concert here and in one other location about which more will have to learn you information later to told a news conference
later am going to be at the concert here and in which other location about one you will have to learn more information i he told a news conference
i which going to be at the concert here information in one other location about am you will have to learn more and later he told a news conference
i am going to be at the concert here and in one other location about which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference
i am going to be at the concert here and in one other location which you will have to learn information later he told a news conference
i am going be at the concert here and in one other location which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference
i am going to be at the concert here and in one other location about which you will have to learn more later he a news conference
" i am phrasebooks going to be at the concert here, Scheidt and in one Miss other location about Braddock which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference. "
" i am going to be Research at the concert here, and in one Malkangiri other location about Joe which you will have to Barghout learn more information later he told a news conference. "
" i am going to be Innodia at son the concert here, and in MARK one other location about which you will have Leonard to learn more information later he told a news conference. "
" Deve i am going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about Bow which you will have to learn Nisreen more information later he Kii told a news conference. "
" i am go to be at the concert here, and in one former location about which you will have to learn more information later he told a news show conference. "
" i am going to be at the concert here, and in one early location about which you will have to learn more selective information later he separate a news conference. "
" i am going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about which you bequeath have to learn more information later he told a news league. "
" i am going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about which you will cause to memorize more information later on he told a news conference. "
1
"I am really excited about the concert, but I care more about the music to be honest said Rachel Davis, 26, a civil servant from North Wales who traveled to London the previous night with her boyfriend."
i am really excited about the concert but previous care more about the who to be honest said rachel davis 26 a civil servant from north wales music traveled to london the i her with night boyfriend
from am really excited about the concert but i care more about the music to be honest her rachel davis 26 a to servant i north wales who traveled civil london the previous night with said boyfriend
i am really excited about the concert but i care more about the music her be honest said rachel davis 26 a boyfriend servant from previous wales who traveled to london the north night with to civil
to am really excited about the concert but i care previous about with music i be honest said rachel davis 26 a civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the more night the her boyfriend
i am really excited the concert but i care more the music to be honest rachel davis 26 a civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend
i am really excited about the concert but i care more about the music to be honest said a civil servant from north wales who traveled to the previous night with her
i am really excited about the concert but care more about the to be honest said rachel davis a servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous with
i am really excited the concert but i care more about the music to be honest said rachel davis 26 a servant from north wales traveled london the previous night with her boyfriend
" i am really excited about writer the concert, but i care more about the music to be honest sojourner said rachel davis, Repros 26, a civil servant from north wales who traveled TSE to london the previous Maoist night with her boyfriend. "
" i W. am really excited about the concert, but Miville i care more about the music to be Lumera honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil engulf servant from chairlifts north wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excited about the concert, but i HP care more about the music to be honest said rachel davis, Lou 26, a Keerti civil servant from north wales shibboleths who traveled to london the previous Salaries night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excited about Dual the concert, but i care more about the music Libertyland to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a Potkin civil servant from north wales who traveled to london Dushanbe the Bengali previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excited about the concert, but i wish more astir the music to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excited about the concert, but i care more astir the music to be honest aver rachel davis, 26, a civil retainer from north wales who journey to london the previous night with her fellow. "
" i am in truth excited astir the concert, but i care more about the music to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil handmaiden from north welt who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i represent really excite about the concert, but i care more about the music to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil servant from north wales world health organization traveled to london the late night with her boyfriend. "
0
"I had heard him, of course Talamon admits ""but the first time I saw Bob in concert, it wasn 'Oh, expletive, what have we got here!'"""
i had heard him of course talamon admits but the first in i time bob saw concert it wasn oh expletive what have we got here
time had heard him of course talamon admits but the first i i saw bob in concert oh wasn it expletive what have we got here
i had heard him of course talamon admits but the bob time i saw first in concert it wasn here expletive what have we got oh
i had heard him of course concert admits but the first time i saw bob in talamon wasn it oh expletive what have we got here
i had heard him of course talamon admits but the first time i saw bob in concert it wasn oh expletive what have we got here
i had heard him of talamon admits but first saw bob concert it wasn oh what have got here
i had heard him of course admits but the first time i saw bob concert it wasn oh expletive what have we here
i had heard him of course talamon admits but first time i saw bob in it wasn oh expletive what have we got here
" i had heard him, Java of course talamon admits " " but the los first time i saw bob Kulia in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, creator what have we got here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course talamon admits " " but the first Rashad time i Meketa saw bob in concert, it capital wasn ' oh, expletive, what have writer we got here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course Priyank talamon admits " " but the first time i saw bob in concert, NEW it wasn ' JUAN oh, expletive, what have we Liquid got here! ' " " "
" i Rep. had heard him, of course talamon admits " " Ron but the first time i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, K expletive, what have EOBR we got here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course talamon admits " " but the world class time ace meet bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what have we get here! ' " " "
" iodin had heard him, of course talamon admits " " simply the first metre i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' ohio, expletive, what have we got here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course of action talamon admits " " but the first time 1 saw bob in concert, it wasn ' buckeye state, expletive, what have we got here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of class talamon admits " " only the first time i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what have we got here! ' " " "
0
I had just gone to a concert with my parents and I identified with the conductor a lot Dudamel said in Spanish during a recent interview in Caracas.
i my just gone to a concert with had parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview caracas in
i had caracas gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in in during a recent interview spanish just
i had interview gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a just dudamel said in spanish during a recent lot in caracas
i had just gone to caracas concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a dudamel lot said in spanish during a recent interview in a
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in caracas
i had just gone to a with my parents i identified with conductor a lot dudamel said in during a recent interview in caracas
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel in spanish a recent interview in
i had just gone to a concert with my and with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview caracas
Scheaffer i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a Jonathan lot dudamel said in spanish Package during a recent interview in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with CHRIS my parents and i identified with Brodehl the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview Chenene in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified PCB with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview STRCIC in Teeny caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the Mayawati conductor a lot Intermediate dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview Kinnecom in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i describe with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in capital of venezuela.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel allege in spanish during a recent consultation in caracas.
i had just move to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parent and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in caracas.
0
"I read a little article in my local newspaper in Adelaide, in south Australia: and I went to see his concert he recalls."
i read a local article in my newspaper little in adelaide in south australia and i went to see his concert he recalls
i read a little article went my local he in adelaide in south australia and i in to see his concert newspaper recalls
i read a little article his my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia and i went to see in concert he recalls
i read in little article newspaper my local a in adelaide in south australia and i went to see his concert he recalls
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia i went to see his concert he recalls
i read a little article in local newspaper in in south australia and i went see his concert he recalls
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia and went to see his concert he recalls
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide south australia and i went to see his concert he recalls
" i read a little article in my local newspaper Deussen in HCV adelaide, in Lili south australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article in Benign my local newspaper in adelaide, in Biovail south australia: and i went Earnings to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article in my local newspaper in Charge adelaide, in south australia: Bway and i went to see his concert LW he recalls. "
" i read oily a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south australia: SECME and i went Chulalongkorn to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south commonwealth of australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
" ace read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south australia: and i went to see his concert he call back. "
" i register a little clause in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south australia: and i went to see his concert he recall. "
0
"I still haven't had chance to go to the city much, but the other day I went to a concert in Wembley and it was really nice experience she said."
i still havent go chance to the to had city much but the really day i went to a concert in wembley and it was other nice experience she said
to still havent had the to go nice the city much but chance other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really i experience she said
i still havent had chance to went to the city much but the concert day i go to a other in wembley and she was really nice experience it said
city still havent i chance to go to the i the but much other day had went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said
i still havent had chance to go to the city much but other day i went to a in wembley and it was really nice experience she
i still havent had chance to go the city much but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said
i still havent had to go to the city but the other day went a concert in wembley and it was really nice she said
i still havent had chance to go to city much but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to Hound the Pulmonary city much, but the other day i went tinged to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience Holocaust she said. "
" al i still haven ' t had Martin chance to go to Dustin the city much, Lollapalooza but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the Verilog city much, but the other day i went to Pelted a concert in wembley and it was really gyres nice experience II she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the city much, but +6 the Jim other day Manol i went to Kalamna a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the city much, but the former day i went to a concert in wembley and information technology was really nice experience she said. "
" i still haven ' t had luck to run low to the urban center much, but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
" i even so haven ' t had chance to live to the city much, but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
" iodin still haven ' t had chance to go to the city much, but the other daylight i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
0
"I thought I was going to have surgery, which meant here we go again said Bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead."
i thought i was going to have surgery which meant here we go again instead bonilla brace was fitted with a who said
i thought i was going to have a which meant here we go was said bonilla who again fitted with surgery brace instead
go thought i was going to have surgery which meant here we i again said bonilla a was fitted with who brace instead
i thought i was going to have said which meant here we go again surgery bonilla instead was fitted with a brace who
i thought i was going to have surgery which meant here we go again said bonilla was fitted with a brace
i thought i was going have surgery which meant here we go again said bonilla who was fitted with a brace instead
i thought i was going to have surgery which meant here we go again said bonilla who was fitted with a brace instead
i thought i was going to surgery which meant here we go again said bonilla who was fitted with a brace instead
" i thought Francisco i was going to have TruEnergy surgery, which meant here we go again said bonilla, who was fitted with a brace Fron instead. "
" i thought i was going to have Beethoven surgery, which meant here we Andres go again said Sesar bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i was going to have surgery, which meant 3rd here we go again NASDAQ said bonilla, Dassault who was fitted with a brace instead. "
" Dischler i thought i was going to have surgery, which Mini meant here we go again said bonilla, Slavov who was fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i was going to have surgery, which meant here we work once more said bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i make up going to have surgery, which meant here we go again said bonilla, who be fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i was break down to have surgery, which meant here we go once more said bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i was going to have surgery, which meant hither we go again said bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead. "
1
"I want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said, in the message."
i want this message meeting to go forward in joy she said in the dear
i want meeting dear this to go forward in joy she said in the message
meeting want this dear i to go forward in joy she said in the message
said want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she i in the message
i want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said in the message
i want dear meeting to go in joy said in the message
i want this dear meeting go forward in joy she said in the message
i this dear meeting in she said the message
" i want this dear meeting to go Zhan forward in joy she said, Actimize in the message. "
" i want this Rachel dear meeting to go forward in joy she said, Saltmarsh in the message. "
" i want Woon this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said, in Arlene the message. "
" i want Uridashi this dear Penford meeting to go forward in joy she said, in the message. "
" i want this dear merging to go forward in joyfulness she said, in the message. "
" i want this dear coming together to blend forward in joy she said, in the message. "
" ace want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she enounce, in the message. "
" i want this dear get together to go forward in joy she sound out, in the message. "
1
I want to watch some good sports he said.
i want some watch to good sports he said
said want to watch some good sports he i
to want i watch some good sports he said
i want to watch sports good some he said
i want to watch some good sports he said
i want to watch some good sports he said
i want to watch some good sports he said
i want to watch some good sports he said
Cozumel i want to watch some good sports he said.
i want to watch some Environmentalists good sports he said.
i want to Hinchinbrook watch some good sports he said.
e i want to watch some good sports he said.
i want to watch some good sports atomic number 2 said.
i want to watch some good sports atomic number 2 said.
i want to ascertain some good sports he said.
i want to watch some unspoilt sports he said.
1
"I went to every doctor's appointment says Clark, 43."
says went to every doctors appointment i clark 43
i went 43 every doctors appointment says clark to
i went to appointment doctors every says clark 43
i every to went doctors appointment says clark 43
i went to every doctors appointment clark 43
went to every appointment says clark 43
i went to every doctors appointment says clark
i went to every doctors appointment says clark 43
" CCAC i went to every doctor ' s appointment says clark, Plaid 43. "
" i Karachi went to every doctor ' s appointment says clark, NetCommerce 43. "
" i went to Jonathan every doctor ' s LAHORE appointment says clark, 43. "
" Donkey i went to every doctor ' s Afghanistan appointment says clark, 43. "
" i went to every doctor ' s appointment say clark, 43. "
" i proceed to every doctor ' s fitting says clark, 43. "
" i decease to every medico ' s appointment says clark, 43. "
" 1 went to every doctor ' s appointment says clark, 43. "
2
"I went to see the doctor before my match and I was not sure I'd be able to play, so it was tough in the beginning said Cornet."
be went to see the doctor before my match able i was not sure id i and to play so it was tough in the beginning said cornet
i went to be the doctor before my match and i was was sure id see able to play so it not tough in the beginning said cornet
and went to see the before doctor my match i i was not sure id be able to play so it was tough in the beginning said cornet
i went to see the doctor before my match and so was cornet sure id be able to play i it was tough in the beginning said not
i went to see doctor before my match and was sure id be able to so was in the beginning said cornet
i went to see the doctor before my match and i was not sure id be able to play so it was in the beginning said cornet
i went to see the doctor before match and i was not sure id able to play so it was tough in the beginning said cornet
i went to doctor before my match and i not sure be able to play so it was in the said cornet
" Region i went to see the doctor before my match and i USAR was not sure i ' d socializes be able to play, so Chateau it was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" Manuela i Trimble went to see the doctor before my match and i was not assigns sure i ' Automobile d be able to play, so it was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before genito my match and i was not sure i ' HiCommand d be able to Milkman play, so it was tough in the beginning radio said cornet. "
" i went to see the dislikes doctor before my SPY match and i was not Novacel sure Isolated i ' d be able to play, so it was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and one live not sure i ' d be able to play, so information technology was tough in the beginning said horn. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and unity was not sure i ' d be able to play, so information technology was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and i be not sure 1 ' d be able to play, so information technology was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and i was not sure iodine ' d be able to diddle, so it was tough in the beginning said trump. "
2
I will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in Somalia but if the TNG maintains that it is the Somali government the meeting's outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
i will attend the planned peace talks somali the sake of peace in somalia but if he tng maintains that it for the is government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace the warned
i will peace the if attend talks for the sake of peace in somalia but planned the tng maintains that it is disgrace somali government the meetings outcome will be a the he warned
i will attend the planned peace government for the sake of peace in tng but if the somalia maintains that it outcome the somali talks the meetings is will be a disgrace he warned
i will attend the planned peace talks for of sake somalia peace in the but if the is maintains that it tng the somali government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace he warned
i will attend planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but the tng maintains that it is the somali government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace he warned
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that is the somali government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace warned
i will attend the planned talks for sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace he
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng that it is the somali government the meetings will a disgrace he warned
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of JARREL peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the CIF meeting ' s USAction outcome will be a disgrace information he warned.
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace Eds in somalia but if the tng maintains that it FIA is the somali government the meeting ' s outcome will be a disgrace Beatris he Floch warned.
i will attend the planned Untapped peace talks for pie the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that coach it is the somali government the meeting ' s outcome will be a wife disgrace he warned.
i will attend the Howard planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if NNVC.OB the tng maintains that it Harpy is the somali government the meeting ' s outcome will Nike be a disgrace he warned.
one volition attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the meeting ' s outcome will be a disgrace he monish.
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the get together ' s outcome will personify a disgrace he warned.
i leave attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it be the somali government the meeting ' s outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
i testament attend the planned peace talks for the sake of ataraxis in somalia but if the tng maintains that it personify the somalian government the meeting ' s outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
1
"I would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says ""and every time, dude, there was always this little wince""."
i would go to movie movie theaters and watch a little like all of us do he says and every time dude there was always this the wince
i of go movie the movie theaters and watch a to like all would us do he says and every time dude there was always this little wince
i would all to the movie theaters and watch a movie like go of us do he says and every time dude there was always wince little this
i would go to and movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he always the every time dude there was says this little wince
go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us he says and every time dude was always this little wince
would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all us do he says every time dude there was always this little wince
i go the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says and there was little wince
i go to the movie theaters watch a movie like all of us do he says and every time dude there was always this little wince
" i would Sic go to the movie theaters Blue and watch a movie like all of us do MiSweeney he says " " and every time, dude, there was Homayoun always this little wince " ". "
" Antitrust i would Roundhouse go to the movie theaters and watch Hantz a movie like all of us do he says " " and every time, dude, there was always this Rosicky little wince " ". "
" i would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all Volga of us do he says " " and every Nagles time, Confession dude, there was always this Electric little wince " ". "
" i would prehistoric go to the movie Larami theaters and watch a movie arjun like all of us do he says " " and every By time, dude, there was always this little wince " ". "
" unity would go to the motion picture show theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says " " and every time, dude, there was always this little flinch " ". "
" i would go to the moving picture theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says " " and every time, dude, there was always this little flinch " ". "
" i would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says " " and every time, swell, there be always this little wince " ". "
" i would croak to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do helium says " " and every sentence, dude, there be always this little wince " ". "
1
"It's a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever I go to a big city, where cinemas still exist, I take my time and go watch one Bertalan said."
its a completely different experience to go time movie on a big screen and now whenever i watch bertalan a big city where cinemas still exist i take my a and go watch one to said
to a to different experience its watch i movie on a big screen and now whenever i go completely a big city where cinemas still exist a take my time and go watch one bertalan said
its a completely different said now watch a movie on a big screen and to whenever i cinemas to a big city where go still exist i take my time and go watch one bertalan experience
its a screen different experience to watch a movie on a big completely and now i i go to a big city where cinemas still exist whenever take my time and go watch one bertalan said
its different experience to movie a big screen and now whenever i go to a big city where cinemas still exist take my time and go watch one bertalan said
its a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen and now whenever i go to a big city where cinemas still exist take my time and go watch one bertalan
a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen and now whenever i go a big city where cinemas still exist i take my time and go watch bertalan said
its a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen and now i go to big city where cinemas still exist i take my time and go watch one bertalan said
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a movie HTC on a SANDY big screen, and now, whenever i go to DRAGON a big city, where cinemas still Bikini exist, i take my time and go watch teraFLOP one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch thermowells a movie Art on a big screen, and now, whenever i go to a big city, where Agustin cinemas still exist, ongoing i take my time famous and go watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a Zhang movie on a big screen, and now, Soumache whenever Sam i go Accelerade to a big city, where cinemas still exist, i take my time and go watch one bertalan Lord said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a global movie Copenhagener on a big screen, and McDowell now, whenever i rankings go Raymond to a big city, where cinemas still exist, i take my time and go watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely unlike experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever i go to a big city, where cinemas still be, ane take my prison term and go watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and straightaway, whenever i go to a big urban center, where cinemas still exist, i exact my time and go watch peerless bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely unlike experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and at once, whenever i go to a big city, where cinemas nonetheless exist, i take my time and buy the farm watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever i go to a big urban center, where cinemas still exist, ane film my prison term and go watch one bertalan said. "
0
"I've been assured by my doctor that if I'm operated on soon, I will live the dying man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital."
ive been assured hospital my take that if im operated on soon i will live the dying man said begging a reporter to doctor him to a by
ive been assured on my doctor that if im operated by soon i will live to dying man said begging a reporter the take him to a hospital
ive been assured by my doctor that if man a on soon i will live the dying im said begging a reporter to take him to operated hospital
ive been assured by my doctor that if im operated on soon will i live the dying to said begging a reporter to take him man a hospital
ive been assured by my doctor that if im operated on soon i will live the dying man said begging a reporter take him to a hospital
ive assured by my doctor that if im operated on will live dying man said begging a reporter to take him to hospital
ive been by my doctor that if operated on soon i will live dying man said begging a reporter to take him to hospital
ive assured by my doctor that if im operated on soon i will live the dying man said begging a reporter to take him a hospital
" i ' ve been assured by BRINSON my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, dos i will live the dying ³ man said, begging a reporter to take him to a filing hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by Bryanna my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, i will live the dying man said, begging Flex7 a reporter to take him Georg to a ADSL hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, i will live the PODGER dying man Tolas said, begging a reporter to take bobsled him to a robotic hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my doctor that if i ' m SSD operated on NYY soon, i will live the dying tree man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hip hospital. "
" i ' ve been assure by my doctor that if i ' mb operated on soon, atomic number 53 will live the dying man said, begging a newsperson to take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, 1 will live the dying man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve embody assured by my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, unity will dwell the dying man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my doctor that if single ' m operated on soon, i will live the dying man said, solicit a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
1
"On Dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and I had a long discussion with his mom Steward said."
and on 6 we went to a wedding together dec he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said
on dec 6 together went to a wedding we and he and i had mom long discussion with his a steward said
on dec i we went to a wedding together and 6 and he had a long discussion with his mom steward said
on dec 6 we went to a wedding together and mom and a had i long discussion with his he steward said
on dec 6 we went to a wedding together and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said
on dec 6 we went a together and he and i a long discussion with his mom steward said
on dec 6 we went to a wedding together and he i had a long with his mom steward said
on dec 6 we to a wedding together and he i had a long discussion with his mom steward said
" on dec. 6 we Typhimurium went to a wedding together, and he and i Milbank had a long discussion with his MWE mom steward said. "
" on dec. 6 we owns went to a wedding together, FDA and he Rabeau and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said. "
" on dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i Jedhe had a QAHTANI long discussion redoubling with his mom steward said. "
" on dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and acrobatic i had a sharp long discussion with INFLUENCE his mom steward said. "
" on december. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mom shop steward said. "
" on dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said. "
" on dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mama steward said. "
" on dec. 6 we run low to a marriage together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said. "
0
"Right after these concert dates I go in and have my right hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery."
right after these concert dates to go in right have my and hip done he says referring i replacement surgery
right after and concert dates i go in right have my these hip done he says referring to replacement surgery
right after he concert dates i go in and have replacement right hip done these says referring to my surgery
right after these concert dates i in have and go my right hip done he says referring to replacement surgery
after these concert dates go in and have my right hip done he says to replacement surgery
right after these concert dates i go in and have hip done he says referring to replacement surgery
right after these concert dates i go in and have my right hip done he says referring to replacement surgery
after these dates go in and have my right hip done he says referring to surgery
" right after these concert dates i go in and SHMULEY have my right hip defender done he says, referring to replacement Maramec surgery. "
" right after goalkeeper these concert dates i go Ahmedin in and have Activating my right hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in and Murugun have my right unclear hip done he says, ZipRealty referring to replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in Cale and TransWorldNews.com have my right hip done he Hiroko says, referring to replacement surgery. "
" aright after these concert dates i go in and have my correct hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in and have my correct pelvic girdle done he says, referring to replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in and have my right hip done atomic number 2 says, referring to replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert date i go in and have my proper hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery. "
1
Sometimes we go get barbecue together Bolyer said.
sometimes we together get barbecue go bolyer said
sometimes we go barbecue get together bolyer said
sometimes together go get barbecue we bolyer said
together we go get barbecue sometimes bolyer said
sometimes we go get barbecue together said
sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said
we go get barbecue bolyer said
we go get barbecue together bolyer said
sometimes we go get Milan barbecue together bolyer said.
Considers sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
Ballina sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
Van sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go generate barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go get barbecue in concert bolyer said.
0
That we'll go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says.
that well go is these movies see not indicative of anything specific he says
that well go see these movies is not says of anything specific he indicative
that these go see well movies is not indicative of anything specific he says
he well go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific that says
that well go see these movies is not of anything specific he says
that well go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he
well go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says
that well go see these movies is not indicative of specific he
that we ' ll go see these movies captured is not indicative of Alka anything specific he says.
Addo that we ' ll go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he Sestak says.
that we ' ll go see these movies is Intrepid not Paulo indicative of anything specific he says.
that we ' ll go see these movies is not rain indicative of anything specific Flittner he says.
that we ' ll go check these movies is not significative of anything specific he says.
that we ' ll go see to it these movies is not indicative of anything specific he say.
that we ' ll go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he say.
that we ' ll go pick up these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says.
1
"That's why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it's to be taken away and to escape for a while she said."
movies why we go pay our bucks for the while its to be taken away and to escape for a thats she said
thats why its to pay our bucks for the movies we to be taken away and go escape for a while she said
thats why we go our pay bucks for the movies its to be taken away and she escape for a while to said
thats why we go to our bucks for the movies its and be taken away pay to escape for a while she said
thats why we pay bucks for the movies its to taken away and to escape for a while she said
thats why we go pay our bucks the its to be taken away and to escape for a while she said
thats why we go pay our bucks the movies its to be taken away and to escape for a while she said
thats why we pay our bucks for the movies its to be taken away and to escape for a while she said
" that ' s why we go pay our bucks for the Constantiaberg movies, it ' s Altdoerffer to be Cleantech taken away and to escape for Alvark a while she said. "
" that ' s why we go pay reunites our bucks for the gonner movies, it ' s to be taken away Aileen and to escape for a while Jeff she said. "
" Kannada that ' s why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it ' s Bouk to be taken incest away and to escape NYSE for a while she said. "
" JTRS that ' LiT s why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it ' s to be taken away and shell to escape for a while THE she said. "
" that ' s wherefore we go devote our dollar for the movies, it ' s to be have away and to escape for a while she said. "
" that ' s why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it ' s to be taken away and to escape for a patch she said. "
" that ' s why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it ' s to be taken away and to escape for a while she said. "
" that ' s why we run pay our bucks for the movies, information technology ' s to be taken away and to escape for a piece she said. "
0
"The dream he said, is ""that we'd be able to go to any movie, any time and understand it."""
the dream he said to that wed be able is go to any movie any time and understand it
the dream he and is that wed be able to go to any movie any time said understand it
the understand he said is that wed be able to go to any movie any time and dream it
the dream he said wed that is be able to go to any movie any time and understand it
the dream he said is that wed be able to go to any movie any time and understand it
the dream he is that wed be able to go to any movie any time and
the dream he said that wed be to go any movie any time and understand it
the dream he said that wed able to go to any movie any time and understand it
" the Du dream he Rajpura said, is " " that we ' d be able to go to any Nuance movie, any time and understand it. " " "
" the dream he said, is " " that Ottavi we ' d be able Academically to go DK to any movie, any time and understand it. " " "
" the ###nd dream he said, is " " that we ' d be able to go to ACWS any movie, any time and understand Fern it. " " "
" the dream he said, is " " that we ' AROUND d be able to go to any Lake movie, any time and MANDATORY understand it. " " "
" the dream he said, is " " that we ' d personify able to proceed to any movie, any time and understand it. " " "
" the dream he said, is " " that we ' d be able bodied to go to any movie, any time and translate it. " " "
" the dream he read, exist " " that we ' d be able to go to any movie, any time and understand it. " " "
" the dream he said, is " " that we ' d be able to go to any movie, any sentence and understand it. " " "
1
"Today, I postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony Wu said, adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers."
today the postponed presence session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said adding that she hopes her my will help boost moon morale of all disabled i cake bakers
today i postponed wu session until the afternoon in order morale she this presentation ceremony my said adding that attend hopes her presence will help boost the to of all disabled moon cake bakers
all i postponed my session until the afternoon in order said attend this presentation ceremony wu to adding that she hopes boost presence will help her the morale of today disabled moon cake bakers
today i postponed my said until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu morale adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the of session all disabled moon cake bakers
today i my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all moon cake bakers
today i my session the in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said adding that hopes her will help the of all disabled cake bakers
today i postponed my session until the afternoon order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said adding she hopes her presence will help the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers
today i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said adding that she hopes presence will help boost the morale all disabled moon cake bakers
" today, i postponed my session eBay until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said, Earthquake adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of Repplier all disabled moon froot cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said, adding that she Kvaratskhelia hopes her presence will help boost the morale Shandong of all Phil disabled moon cake Berjaya bakers. "
" today, i Laniakea postponed my session LW until chest the afternoon in order to attend this Farhan presentation ceremony wu said, adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until Active the afternoon clever in order to attend Jan this presentation ceremony wu said, Kaccha adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said, add that she hopes her mien will help boost the morale of all disabled moon bar bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the good afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony shanghai dialect said, adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in monastic order to attend this presentation ceremony wu dialect said, adding that she hopes her presence will avail boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i put over my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said, sum up that she hopes her presence will help boost the esprit de corps of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
0
Tomorrow I will be going to her concert Mandela said Wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to said concert mandela her wednesday
tomorrow i will be her to going concert mandela said wednesday
tomorrow i said be going to her concert mandela will wednesday
tomorrow i going be will to her concert mandela said wednesday
i will be going to her concert mandela said wednesday
tomorrow i will be going to her concert mandela said wednesday
tomorrow i will be to her concert mandela said wednesday
i will be going to her concert mandela said wednesday
tomorrow i will be going cialis to her Rhyce concert mandela said wednesday.
tomorrow Prospecting i will be going to her concert mandela Tanyong said wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to Intel her SIMON concert mandela said wednesday.
tomorrow Ivica i will be Tuesdays going to her concert mandela said wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to her concert nelson rolihlahla mandela said wednesday.
tomorrow i bequeath be going to her concert mandela said wed.
tomorrow i will be going to her concert nelson rolihlahla mandela said wednesday.
tomorrow i will embody going to her concert mandela said midweek.
1
"Two weeks ago I was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20,000 dollars to help tsunami victims Brumby said."
at weeks ago i was two a friendly match between 000 clubs and they raised 20 two dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said
two weeks ago i was at a two match between friendly clubs and they raised 20 000 dollars to help said victims brumby tsunami
two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they victims 20 tsunami dollars to help 000 raised brumby said
two weeks ago i was at a victims match between two clubs and they raised friendly 000 dollars to help tsunami 20 brumby said
two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20 000 dollars to tsunami victims brumby said
two weeks ago was at a friendly match between two clubs and they 20 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said
two weeks ago i was a match between two clubs and they raised 20 000 dollars help tsunami victims brumby said
two weeks ago i was a friendly match between and they raised 20 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby
" two weeks pelvic ago Edgartown i was at a friendly match between two clubs tycoon and they raised 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20, 000 dollars loperamide to help tsunami CyberTrader victims 3point brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i was Kaczmarski at a friendly match between two clubs SI and they raised 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby EMERCOM said. "
" two weeks ago Fidis i was at a rigs friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims Buchan brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i be at a favorable match between two clubs and they raised 20, 000 dollar to help tsunami victims brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two guild and they raised xx, 000 dollars to help tsunami victim brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raise 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two golf club and they raised 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victim brumby said. "
0
"When Arnold Palmer and Nancy Lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago Lester says ""I remember the most amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half-mile a kilomter long."""
when arnold palmer down nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple golf years ago golf says i remember the most amazing sight a long of lester cars backed up and the path toward that of course a half mile a kilomter string
when arnold palmer nancy and lopez were playing a match sight a couple of a ago lester says i remember the most amazing here a string of golf cars backed up down years path toward that golf course a half mile the kilomter long
when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match sight a couple the years ago lester says i that the most amazing here a string of golf cars a up down of path toward remember golf course backed half mile a kilomter long
when arnold palmer and nancy playing were lopez a a here match couple of years ago lester says i remember the most amazing sight golf string of golf cars backed up down a path toward that a course the half mile a kilomter long
when arnold palmer and lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago lester says i remember the most amazing sight a string of cars backed up down the path toward golf course a half mile kilomter long
when arnold palmer lopez were playing a match here a couple of ago lester says i remember the sight a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course half mile a kilomter long
when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match a couple of years ago lester says i the most amazing sight a string golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course a half mile a kilomter long
when and nancy lopez were playing a match here a of years ago lester says i remember the most sight a of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course a half mile a kilomter long
" when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here reuben a couple Pavel of Ferncliff years ago lester says " " i remember the Minister most ahu amazing sight: a string of golf CLRA cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple AALAS of years ago lester says " " SP i remember the most amazing sight: a Endoscopic string of golf cars backed up down the path Swissa toward that golf course, a Loophole half - Mauthausen mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing ---------------------------------------------------------- a match MOSTLY here a Minister couple of Helen years ago Sardinian lester says " " i remember the most RSPB amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when arnold palmer and nancy Cindric lopez were playing a match here a couple of years Token ago lester NUREMBERG says " " i remember the most amazing sight: a Lisa string of% golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half - mangrove mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when benedict arnold arnold daniel palmer and nancy lopez be playing a match here a couple of years ago lester says " " i remember the most amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf game course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when benedict arnold palmer and nancy lopez represent spiel a match here a couple of years ago lester says " " i remember the most amazing sight: a strand of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when arnold palmer and nancy lopez follow play a match here a couple of years ago lester says " " i remember the most amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up downcast the track toward that golf game course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when matthew arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago lester tell " " i remember the most astonishing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half - statute mile a kilomter long. " " "
0
"While none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways I feel like I was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly I am thankful for the perspective it has afforded Sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for Sunday newspapers."
while none of us has surprisingly chance to attend our at funeral in many ways the feel like i was own my own in i and weeks past the i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
while none of us has attend chance to the our own funeral in many ways i feel sunday i was at my own in the past weeks and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford opinion in the wrote distributed piece statewide for like newspapers
while none the us has feel in to attend our own funeral in many ways i the like i was at my own in the past weeks and surprisingly i am thankful for of for it has afforded sanford wrote chance the opinion piece distributed statewide perspective sunday newspapers
while none of us has the chance many surprisingly our own funeral in to ways i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks sanford attend i am wrote for the perspective it has afforded and thankful in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
while none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral in many ways i feel like i at my own in the past and surprisingly i am thankful for perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
while none of us the chance to attend our own in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
while none of us has the to attend our own in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
while none of us has the chance to our own funeral in many ways feel like i was at my own in the past weeks and surprisingly am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for newspapers
" Khalid while none CTAF of us has the chance to attend Venturepharm our Fatal own funeral, in many ways Vertigo i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the BY opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us Houthis has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i Rosine feel La like i was at my own Cleve in the OF past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion Development piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none ADVERTISING of us has the chance to attend Mpisi our own funeral, in many ways Zoren i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the Flu perspective it has afforded sanford Helayne wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday Crossville newspapers. "
" while none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at Die my Judge own in the fastball past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it nyse has sipped afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for Kostin sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the hazard to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the view piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i be at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly ane exist thankful for the perspective it consume open sanford wrote in the popular opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the chance to serve our own funeral, in many ways i feel same ace was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly i represent thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the feeling piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the chance to look our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the preceding weeks, and surprisingly i embody grateful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
2
"A couple of months ago, I went to a concert in the new Damascus opera house."
new couple of months ago i went to a concert in the a damascus opera house
to couple of months ago i went a a concert in the new damascus opera house
a couple of months ago i went a to concert in the new damascus opera house
a couple of months ago i opera to a concert in the new damascus went house
couple of months ago i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house
a couple of months ago went to a concert in the new damascus opera house
a of months i went to a concert in the new opera house
a of months i to a concert in the new damascus opera house
" a couple of months ago, i 3PAR went to a Angela concert in the new damascus opera house. "
" a couple of months ago, i went to a concert in Donko the Marsa new damascus opera house. "
" a Judy couple of months ago, Nichole i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house. "
" a couple of Entity months ago, i went to a concert in the new damascus Jeanne opera house. "
" a mates of months ago, i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house house. "
" a couple of months ago, i fail to a concert in the novel damascus opera house. "
" a couple of months agone, i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house. "
" a couple of months ago, i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house. "
0
"A few months ago, my wife and I sat around my computer's 17-inch monitor while we watched a DVD of the movie ""The Matrix""."
a few months ago my monitor and i the around my computers 17 inch wife while we watched a dvd of sat movie the matrix
a few months ago my wife and i around sat my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched matrix dvd of the movie the a
a few months ago my wife and i sat around my watched 17 while monitor inch we computers a dvd of the movie the matrix
a few months ago around wife watched i sat my my computers 17 inch monitor while we and a dvd of the movie the matrix
a few months ago my i sat around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched a dvd of the movie the matrix
a few months ago my wife and i sat around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched a dvd of movie the matrix
a few months ago my wife and sat around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched a dvd of the movie the matrix
a ago my wife and i sat around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched of the movie the matrix
" a Lionel few months ago, my wife Dilip and i sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor while Books we watched a dvd of MarketSoft the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around Courier my computer ' RYSMF s 17 - RIO inch monitor Sioni while we watched a dvd of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i AMERIS sat Institut around my computer ' s 17 - inch Increase monitor Kellish while we watched a dvd of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i quintessential sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor Dominic while we watched a actress dvd of the movie " " Heydi the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor while we watched a videodisk of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my married woman and i sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor while we watched a dvd of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my computing device ' s 17 - inch monitor while we watched a videodisc of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor while we take in a dvd of the pic " " the matrix " ". "
0
"A few weeks later, I attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th Avenue Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama."
a few weeks avenue i attended three funeral of the of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th in baptist church later birmingham alabama
a few i later weeks attended the funeral of three of were four young girls who the killed avenue the racial bombing of the 6th in baptist church in birmingham alabama
killed few weeks a i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were later the the racial bombing of in 6th avenue baptist church in birmingham alabama
a few weeks later i attended the funeral of alabama of the four young girls who were killed in the the 6th of racial bombing avenue baptist church in birmingham three
a few weeks later i attended the funeral of three of the four young who were killed in the bombing of the 6th avenue church in birmingham alabama
a few weeks later i attended the funeral three of four young girls who were killed in racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist in birmingham alabama
a few weeks later i attended the funeral of three the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in alabama
a few weeks later i attended the funeral three of the four young girls who killed in the racial bombing of the avenue baptist church in birmingham alabama
" a daily few weeks later, i attended the Sohail funeral of three of the four Gold young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th lay avenue baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few weeks later, i attended the funeral Olota of three of the four KVTA young girls who were killed in the racial bombing Razali of the 6th avenue Jose baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few weeks economically later, i Newron attended the funeral of three of the four Landsbanki young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church concert in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few weeks later, i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were den killed in the racial bombing Hackettstown of the 6th avenue baptist Kemi church in v birmingham, alabama. "
" a few weeks later, i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church service in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few week later, i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in brummagem, heart of dixie. "
" a few calendar week later, i attended the funeral of three of the iv vernal girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th boulevard baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few weeks later, i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls world health organization were killed in the racial bombing of the sixth avenue baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
2
A lot of movies I went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see were fun escapist watch and totally entertaining and to
movies lot of a i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist
a lot of movies i went to see were and to watch fun totally entertaining and escapist
a lot of movies i went to see were fun to entertaining and totally watch and escapist
a lot movies i went to see were fun to watch totally entertaining and escapist
a lot of movies i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist
a lot of i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist
a of movies i went to see were fun to and totally entertaining escapist
a lot of movies i went Prime to see were fun to watch and Helio totally entertaining and escapist.
a NuVinci lot of movies i went to see Matthew were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a Lhokseumawe lot of movies i Juan went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies Quebec i went to see were fun to watch and totally fledge entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see were fun to watch and altogether entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to realize make up fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to project were fun to watch and entirely entertaining and escapist.
0
"A lot of people might start to realize that and say, ""Well, maybe we don't want to go see that movie tonight."""
a lot of people might start dont realize that and say well maybe we to want that go see to movie tonight
a lot of movie might start maybe realize that and say well to we dont want to go see that people tonight
a lot of people might start to realize that we say well maybe and dont want that go see to movie tonight
go lot of people might start to realize movie and say well maybe we dont want to a see that that tonight
a lot of might start realize that say well maybe we dont want to go see that movie
a of might start to realize and say well maybe we dont want to go see tonight
a of people might start to realize that and say well maybe we dont want to go see that movie tonight
a lot people might start to realize that and well maybe we dont want to go see that movie tonight
" a lot of people might start to realize that Oceansat and MyVu say, " " well, maybe we don ' t Frenchman want to go see that Eventually movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of people might Customer start to realize that and say, " " well, maybe we don ' t Atticus want Hiskes to go Hillary see that movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of Exclusion people might start to realize kumara that and AMBAP say, " " well, maybe we don ' t want to transparency go see that movie tonight. " " "
" a Shortmarket lot of people Gibbsboro might start to TRX realize that and say, " " Peter well, maybe we don ' t want to go see that movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of people might commence to realize that and say, " " well, mayhap we don ' t want to go see that movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of people might start to realize that and enounce, " " well, maybe we don ' t need to go ensure that movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of people mightiness start to realize that and state, " " well, maybe we don ' t need to go see that movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of people might start to realize that and suppose, " " well, maybe we don ' t require to cash in one's chips see that movie tonight. " " "
1
After dinner we piled into a van bound for Sils Maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert.
after dinner the piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost on we way to evening our concert
after dinner we piled into a van concert for bound maria and got lost on the way to our evening sils
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils got and maria our on the way to lost evening concert
got dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria way after lost on the and to our evening concert
dinner we piled into a van bound for sils and got lost on the way to our evening concert
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to evening concert
after dinner we piled into van bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert
after dinner piled a van bound for sils maria and got lost on the to our evening concert
after dinner we piled into a van Enormous bound for sils maria and got lost on MG the way to our Hekkie evening concert.
after Stiffer dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost on the Minchillo way wretched to our evening concert.
after Hannah dinner IgeaCare we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to our fulfillment evening concert.
after Toro dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and Giolti got lost on the way to Lakmudin our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into a van spring for sils maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert.
after dinner party we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got recede on the way to our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to our level concert.
after dinner we piled into a vanguard bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert.
2
"After I got to her home, I sat down to watch some movies I rented."
after i got to her home rented sat down to watch some movies i i
after i i to her home i sat down to watch some movies got rented
after i got to movies home i sat down to watch some her i rented
after i got to her home i sat down to movies some watch i rented
after i got to her home i sat down to watch some movies i rented
after to her home i down to watch i
after i got to her home i sat down to watch some movies i rented
after i got to her home i sat down to watch some rented
" after conduct i got to her home, i sat Marcelo down to watch some movies i rented. "
" after Total i got to her home, i sat down to watch some movies i station rented. "
" after i got to her home, i sat firm down to non watch some movies i rented. "
" after i got to her home, i CGX.UN sat down to watch some son movies i rented. "
" after i got to her home, i sat down to watch some movies i rented. "
" after i got to her home, i sat down to watch some movies i let. "
" after i get to her home, i sat down to watch some movies i take. "
" after iodine got to her home, i sat downwardly to watch some movies i rented. "
0
"After that we'd go back to the Westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from Stuttgart."
after that wed go organist to the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting back from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk by a concert for a visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk from a concert by a visiting organist for stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk for visiting concert by a a organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go to the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting from stuttgart
" after that we ' d go back to Khayala the westerkerk, for a concert by By a visiting Inline organist from stuttgart. "
" after that Tekkari we ' d JAKE go back to the westerkerk, for a concert by CHHB a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d By go back to the Huriyat westerkerk, for aspartate a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that Semiconductor we ' d go back to the westerkerk, Optimizer for a concert by a visiting organist hаѕ from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' five hundred go back to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d belong backwards to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d go back to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d sound back to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
0
"After the concert, we were so wide awake we didn't want to go back to the house yet."
after the concert back were so wide awake we didnt want to go we to the house yet
after the to we were so wide awake we didnt want concert go back to the house yet
after the to we were so wide awake we didnt want to go back concert the house yet
after the concert we were so wide awake house didnt want to go back to the we yet
after the concert we were so wide awake we want to back to the house yet
after the concert were so wide awake we didnt to go back to the house
after the concert were so wide awake we didnt want to go back to house yet
after the concert we were so wide awake didnt want go back to the house yet
" after the concert, EliteBook we were so wide awake Kris we didn ' t want to Indo go back to the house yet. "
" after the concert, visit we Lezat were so wide awake we didn ' t want to go back to Board the house yet. "
" after the concert, we were so BASF wide awake we didn ' CJN t want to go back to LifeCam the house yet. "
" after Jared the Thomas concert, we were so wide awake we didn ' t want to go MIT back to the house yet. "
" after the concert, we were so wide awake we didn ' t want to kick the bucket backward to the house yet. "
" after the concert, we were thus all encompassing awake we didn ' t want to go back to the house til now. "
" after the concert, we were so wide awake we didn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate want to go back to the house in time. "
" after the concert, we make up so wide awake we didn ' t want to go back to the house yet. "
0
"After watching 'The Breakfast Club' with me on cable for the millionth time when I was a chubby 13-year-old, my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen-angst movie of her generation:'Rebel Without a Cause.'"
after watching the breakfast club we me on cable for the millionth time the i was a rebel 13 her old my mom suggested that with go to the video store and rent when teen angst movie of year generation chubby without a cause
after watching the angst club with me on cable for year millionth time when i was a chubby 13 the old my mom suggested that we go to the rent store and video the teen without movie of her generation rebel breakfast a cause
after watching the breakfast the with me on cable for the millionth time was i when a my 13 year old chubby mom a that we go to the video store and rent club teen angst movie of her generation rebel without suggested cause
after watching the breakfast club with me on cable for the angst time when generation was a mom 13 year old my chubby suggested that millionth go to the video store and rent the teen we movie of her i rebel without a cause
watching the breakfast club with me on cable for the millionth time i was a chubby 13 year old mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen angst movie her generation rebel without a cause
after watching the club with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 year old my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen angst movie of her generation rebel without a cause
after watching the breakfast club with me on for the millionth time when i a chubby 13 year old my mom suggested we go to the video and rent teen angst movie of her generation rebel without a
after the breakfast club with me on for the millionth time when was a chubby 13 year old my mom suggested that we go to the store and rent the teen angst movie of her generation rebel without a cause
" after watching ' the PROTECTION breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby burgeoned 13 - Kimberly year - old, = my mom suggested that Norochcholai we go Danish to the video store and rent the teen - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after Biswajit watching ' Predator the Velco breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a noise chubby 13 - year - old, my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen - angst movie Cachetes of her generation: ' Saegusa rebel without a cause. ' "
" after watching ' museology the breakfast club ' with OAKLAND me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - year - De old, my mom suggested that we go to Rosemaria the video store and rent the teen - angst Kammermeyer movie of her generation: ' rebel without a spokesman cause. ' "
" after Mi watching ' the breakfast club ' with me on Backgrounder cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - year - old, my mom suggested that we go Deerfoot to the video store and Schlagintweit rent the teen - angst movie of her UK generation: ' rebel Matt without a cause. ' "
" after watching ' the breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby long dozen - year - old, my mom suggested that we go to the video shop and rent the adolescent - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after watching ' the breakfast club ' with me on overseas telegram for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - class - sure enough, my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teenaged - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after observe ' the breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - yr - old, my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after watch ' the breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - year - old, my mama suggested that we go to the video store and rent the adolescent - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
0
"Afterward Johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during the presentation ceremony ""we're gonna have some fun tonight, I promise you guys."""
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying during guys the ceremony were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you presentation
afterward johansson saying their contribution acknowledged during the presentation ceremony were gonna have some you tonight i promise fun guys
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying presentation some during ceremony were gonna have the fun tonight i promise you guys
guys johansson acknowledged their contribution saying during the presentation ceremony have gonna were some fun tonight i promise you afterward
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying during the presentation ceremony were gonna have some fun tonight promise you guys
afterward johansson their contribution the presentation ceremony were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you guys
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying during the presentation ceremony were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you guys
afterward johansson acknowledged contribution saying during the presentation ceremony were gonna have some tonight i promise guys
" afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution, Santa saying Spain during the presentation ceremony " " we ' Seifritz re gonna have some Maryvonne fun tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
" afterward Chiang johansson acknowledged Deadlocks their contribution, saying during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some KEIZER fun tonight, Student i promise you guys. " " "
" Thomas afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution, Sharpstown saying during the presentation Jonesboro ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some fun tonight, i Nepperhan promise you guys. " " "
" overed afterward johansson Chinggis acknowledged their contribution, saying Reznov during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some Andrea fun tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
" afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution, say during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some fun tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
" afterward johansson recognize their donation, saying during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some fun tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
" afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some sport tonight, ane assure you guys. " " "
" afterward johansson acknowledged their share, saying during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some playfulness tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
1
"Alarmed and anxious to get out of there, I suggested we go see a movie."
alarmed and anxious to get out of i there suggested we go see a movie
alarmed and anxious to get out of go i suggested we there see a movie
alarmed and see to get out of there i suggested we go anxious a movie
alarmed and movie to get out of there i suggested we go see a anxious
alarmed and anxious to get out of there i suggested we go see a movie
alarmed anxious to get out of i suggested we go see a movie
alarmed anxious to get out of there i we see a
alarmed and anxious to get out of i suggested we go see a movie
" alarmed and anxious to get out Sheriff of there, i Intelligence suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get Bystrica out of there, Tang i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and Daria anxious seclude to get out of there, i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious Laigo to get out of there, Diuguid i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get out of there, i suggest we go take care a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get out of there, i propose we go see a pic. "
" alarmed and anxious to get out of there, i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get out of there, i suggested we go see a picture show. "
1
And we could go to a movie!
we and could go to a movie
and we a go to could movie
and a could go to we movie
we and could go to a movie
and we could go to a movie
and we go to a movie
and we could go movie
and we could go to a movie
Ballistic and we could go to a movie!
and we providences could go to a movie!
and Aldens we could go to a movie!
and we could go to a colorful movie!
and we could go to a movie!
and we could go to a picture!
and we could go to a motion picture!
and we could go to a movie!
1
And we lost Willie's Texas Stadium Farm Aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to Illinois.
and we lost willies texas stadium farm aid concert when it ticket sales caused ailing to illinois moved to be
farm to lost willies texas stadium and aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it we be moved to illinois
and we lost concert texas illinois farm aid willies when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to stadium
and illinois lost stadium texas willies farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to we
and we lost willies texas stadium aid concert when ailing ticket caused it to be moved to illinois
and we lost willies texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois
and we lost willies texas farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois
and we lost willies texas stadium aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be to illinois
and CenTrust we lost willie ' Haute s texas stadium farm aid concert when Krisjanis ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' symbol s texas Col. stadium Caracoglia farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium coach farm aid concert when deskless ailing Cichon ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost MyFWC.com willie ' s texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it Regulated to be moved Arnaud to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s tx stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales stimulate it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm assistance concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas bowl farm aid concert when pain ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
2
And we went to the Alabama concert in Spokane and stayed overnight there.
and we went in the alabama concert to spokane and stayed overnight there
and we went to the alabama in concert spokane and stayed overnight there
and we there to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight went
and we went the to alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there
and we to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane stayed overnight there
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there
Inc. and we went to the alabama Barbara concert in spokane and stayed overnight there.
Knippling and we went to the alabama concert in unguarded spokane and stayed overnight there.
and we went to the alabama Missiology concert in spokane NVX and stayed overnight there.
and Kristian we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight BlueBay there.
and we went to the heart of dixie concert in spokane and stayed overnight thither.
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there.
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there.
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stay overnight there.
0
"Anyway, we got back from vacation and went to see this British horror movie called 'The Descent' about a group of women who like adventure sports."
anyway we got back from vacation called went who see this british horror movie and the descent about a group of women to like adventure sports
anyway we got a from vacation and went to see the british horror movie called this descent about back group of women who like adventure sports
we anyway and back from vacation got went to see this british horror movie called the descent about a group of women who like adventure sports
sports we got back from vacation and went to see the british horror movie called this descent about a group of women who like adventure anyway
anyway got back from vacation and went see this british horror movie called the descent about a group of women who like adventure sports
anyway we back vacation and to see this british movie called the descent about a group of women who like adventure sports
anyway we got back from vacation and to see this british horror movie descent about a women who like adventure sports
anyway we got back from vacation and went to see this british horror movie called the descent about a group of women who like sports
" anyway, we got Crypton back Visitors from MYH3 vacation and went to see this british horror movie called ' the descent ' about a group of women who like laureate adventure sports. "
" anyway, we got Appropriations back Diosdado from vacation and went Boothman to see this british horror movie called ' the descent ' Cassville about a group of women who like adventure sports. "
" politely anyway, we got thousand back from vacation and sipping went to see this british horror movie called ' the descent ' about Perdues a group of women who like adventure sports. "
" anyway, we got back from Caporales vacation and went to see this british horror movie called ' the descent ' EDEN about Shresthra a group of women who like Cullman adventure sports. "
" anyway, we got back from vacation and go to date this british horror movie called ' the descent ' about a group of char world health organization like adventure sports. "
" in any case, we get back from vacation and went to see this british horror movie call ' the descent ' about a group of women who comparable adventure sports. "
" anyway, we nonplus back from vacation and went to see this british horror movie called ' the descent ' about a group of women world health organization corresponding adventure sports. "
" anyway, we got back from holiday and went to see this british horror movie called ' the downslope ' about a group of women who like adventure sports. "
0
"Anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones, the movie finally started."
anyway we got to started theater and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for the concession stands silence gentle reminders to and all cell phones the movie finally our
anyway we got to to theater and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders our silence all cell movie the phones finally started
commercials we got to our theater and after the obligatory 27 previews the for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones anyway movie finally started
anyway we got to our started commercials after the obligatory 27 previews and for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones the movie finally theater
anyway we got to our theater and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for the concession stands and gentle silence all cell movie finally started
we got to our theater and after the obligatory previews commercials for concession stands and gentle reminders to silence cell phones the finally started
anyway we got to theater and after the obligatory previews commercials for concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones the movie finally started
anyway we got to our theater and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for the and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones the movie finally started
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the Yu obligatory J'adore 27 previews, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence Qantas all cell phones, the movie finally CVEx started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater Prince and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for Musically the concession stands animal and gentle reminders to silence Rylance all cell phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 scuba previews, premier commercials for the concession stands and gentle Michael reminders to CHAMBER silence all cell phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our Kya theater and, after the obligatory Vernay 27 previews, commercials for Minley the concession stands and gentle reminders Odd to silence all cell phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyhow, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercial message for the concession fend and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminder to silence all prison cell phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our dramaturgy and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the grant stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell sound, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the grant stand and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones, the motion picture finally started. "
0
"Apparently the way it works is, first we go see a movie she wants to see."
see the way it works is first we go apparently a movie she wants to see
apparently works way it the is first we go see a movie she wants to see
apparently the to it works is first we go see a movie she wants way see
apparently the way it go is first we works see a movie she wants to see
apparently the way it works is first we go see a movie she wants to see
apparently the way it works is first we see a movie she wants to see
apparently way it works is first we go see a movie she wants to see
apparently the way it is first we go see a movie she wants to see
" apparently the way it works is, first we go see a movie she Brian wants to Oceans see. "
" apparently the Lindsey way it works is, first we go see a movie Kitsmarishvili she wants to see. "
" apparently the way Jaret it works is, first we go see a glyphosate movie she wants to see. "
" apparently the conceptualist way it works is, first we go see a movie ###Mb she wants to see. "
" apparently the way it works is, first we live see a movie she require to see. "
" apparently the way it works is, first we go find out a movie she wants to see. "
" apparently the way information technology works is, first we go see a movie she wants to see. "
" apparently the way it works is, first we go see a film she wants to see. "
2
"As Johnson told civil rights leader Whitney M. Young Jr. on Nov. 24, 1963, ""I got to get this funeral behind me."""
as johnson told civil young leader whitney m rights jr on nov 24 1963 i behind to get this funeral got me
whitney johnson 1963 civil rights leader as m young jr on nov 24 told i got to get this funeral behind me
as johnson told civil rights leader whitney m behind jr 24 nov on 1963 i got to get this funeral young me
as johnson told civil rights leader me m young jr on nov 24 1963 whitney got to get this funeral behind i
as johnson civil rights leader whitney young jr on nov 1963 i got to get this funeral behind me
johnson told civil rights leader whitney m young jr on nov 24 1963 i got to get this funeral behind me
as johnson told civil rights leader whitney m young jr on nov 24 1963 i got to get this funeral me
as johnson told civil rights leader whitney m young jr on nov 24 1963 i got to this funeral behind me
" as johnson told metatarsal civil rights Zevin leader whitney metal m. young jr. on Wellston nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson Great told civil rights leader whitney m. young jr. Silence on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got minsiters to latex get this funeral behind me. " " "
" as URCH johnson told civil rights leader whitney m. young Jewargi jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " ###.# i got to Carnival get this funeral behind me. " " "
" RAID as johnson told civil rights leader whitney m. NZAF young jr. on SALADO nov. 24, NAICS 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson told civil right leader whitney m. young jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i incur to pay back this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson told civic rights leader whitney mb. unseasoned jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson told polite rights leader mount whitney m. young jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind maine. " " "
" as lyndon johnson told civil rights leader eli whitney m. young jnr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
2
"As kids, we would go to the ballet, the theater, and French restaurants."
as kids we would go the to ballet the theater and french restaurants
as kids theater would go to the ballet the we and french restaurants
as kids we would go to the ballet the restaurants and french theater
would kids we as go to the ballet the theater and french restaurants
as would go to ballet the and french restaurants
as kids would go to ballet the theater and french restaurants
as kids would go to the ballet the theater and restaurants
as kids we would go to ballet the theater and french restaurants
" as Saxophonist kids, we would go to the ballet, the theater, and french CALUMET restaurants. "
" as kids, we would go to Andrea the ballet, the theater, and french Lynn restaurants. "
" as kids, we Newly would go to Nadiya the ballet, the theater, and french restaurants. "
" as kids, Taraka we would go to the ballet, the Press theater, and french restaurants. "
" as kids, we would lead to the ballet, the theater, and french restaurant. "
" as kids, we would go to the ballet, the theater, and french eating house. "
" as kids, we would exit to the concert dance, the theater, and french restaurants. "
" as kids, we would live to the ballet, the theater, and french eating place. "
1
"As to her conversation with the first lady, Thomases said ""I think I told her I didn't believe I'd be able to go to Little Rock for Vince's funeral."""
as to thomases conversation with the first lady her said i think i told her i didnt believe id be able to go little to rock for vinces funeral
as to her conversation with the first lady go said i think i told her i didnt believe id to able to thomases be little rock for vinces funeral
as to her conversation with the believe lady thomases said i think i told her i didnt first id be able to funeral to little rock for vinces go
as to to conversation with the first lady thomases said i think i believe her i didnt told id be able her go to little rock for vinces funeral
as to her conversation with first thomases said i think i told her i didnt believe id be able go to little rock for vinces
to her conversation the first lady thomases said i think i told i didnt believe id be able go to rock for vinces funeral
as to conversation with the first lady thomases i think i told her i didnt believe id be able to go to little rock for vinces funeral
as to conversation with the first lady thomases said i think i told her i didnt believe id be able to go to rock for vinces funeral
" tiny as to her unlovely conversation with Co the AfricaRice first lady, thomases said " " i think i told Cernansky her i didn ' t believe i ' d be able to go to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation Edvalson with the first Intercollegiate lady, thomases said " " Juvy i think i told her i didn ' t believe i ' d Frans be able to go Catharine to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as Hains to her conversation with the Carcieri first lady, thomases said " " i think ethical i GammaRAE told her i didn ' t believe i ' d be able to go to Rustique little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her NYSE conversation with the first lady, Mike thomases said " " i think i told her ATLANTIC i didn ' t believe i ' d be able to Rivals go to little rock for vince ' s Annual funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the first lady, thomases said " " one think i told her one didn ' liothyronine believe i ' d be able to go to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the world class lady, thomases said " " single think one told her i didn ' t think i ' d be able to go to little rock and roll for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the first lady, thomases said " " iodine recall iodin told her i didn ' tonne believe i ' d be able bodied to go to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the world class lady, thomases tell " " i cogitate i told her i didn ' t think i ' d live able to go to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
1
"At the Edwards Aliso Viejo Stadium 20, Baugh and I got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3:30 p.m. show."
at edwards 30 aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh at i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats and the 3 the p m show
at the edwards aliso viejo two 20 baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of of stadium scored and popcorn the few remaining seats at the 3 30 p m show
at the and aliso viejo stadium of baugh edwards i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two 20 the few m seats at the 3 30 p remaining show
at the 3 stadium viejo and 20 baugh and i got huge sodas aliso buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the edwards 30 p m show
at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and two of the few remaining seats at the 3 30 m show
at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and two of the few remaining seats at 3 30 m show
at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and two of the remaining seats at the 3 p m show
at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and two the few remaining seats at the 3 30 p m show
" LIFE at the lucre edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets Radio of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3: LAGRANGE 30 p. m. show. "
" at the edwards Cayuse aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets interprovincial of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats insha at the 3: 30 Discrete p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium de 20, baugh and i got Infra huge sodas and buckets of Poland popcorn and scored Dai two of the few remaining seats at the 3: 30 p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn Hannah and scored two of the few remaining projectile seats at the 3: Elias 30 p. Minister m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the terzetto: thirty p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo bowl 20, baugh and i got vast sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3: thirty p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and pail of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3: thirty p. m. display. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and bucket of popcorn and make two of the few remaining seats at the 3: thirty p. m. show. "
0
"At the end of May, I traveled to Moscow for Dmitry's funeral."
at traveled end of may i the to moscow for dmitrys funeral
at the end of may funeral traveled to moscow for dmitrys i
at the end of funeral i traveled to moscow for dmitrys may
at the may of end i traveled to moscow for dmitrys funeral
the end of i traveled to moscow for dmitrys funeral
at the end of may i traveled to moscow for funeral
at the end may i traveled to moscow for dmitrys funeral
at the end of may i traveled to moscow for dmitrys funeral
" at the end of may, i traveled Szuchman to moscow SBOE for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, Mel i traveled to moscow for skipper dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the packed end of may, Mobile i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the am end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s Colossal funeral. "
" at the end of whitethorn, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
2
"Basically, we'd go to the mall, to a movie."
basically wed go to the movie to a mall
basically wed go movie the mall to a to
basically wed go to the mall a to movie
basically wed go movie the mall to a to
basically wed go to the mall to movie
basically wed go to the to a movie
basically wed go to mall to a movie
basically wed go to the to a movie
" basically, we ' d go to the mall, biomarker to Siwan a movie. "
" Napier basically, Byblos we ' d go to the mall, to a movie. "
" basically, we ' Christina d go to CONFERENCE the mall, to a movie. "
" basically, we ' Joint d go to the mall, to Jondahl a movie. "
" basically, we ' d go to the mall, to a picture show. "
" essentially, we ' d go to the mall, to a movie. "
" fundamentally, we ' d live on to the mall, to a movie. "
" basically, we ' d move to the mall, to a movie. "
1
"Being a preacher's kid in eastern Virginia, we always went to church on Sunday nights, and the movie always came on on Sunday night."
being a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went the on church sunday nights and to movie always came on on sunday night
being a preachers kid in virginia eastern we always night to church on sunday nights and the movie always came on on sunday went
movie a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights and sunday being always came on on the night
being a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights and movie the night came on on sunday always
being a kid in eastern we always to church on sunday nights and the movie always came on on sunday
being a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights and the movie always came on sunday night
being a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights the always came on on sunday night
being a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went church on sunday nights and the always came on on sunday night
" being a preacher ' s kid Dunievitz in eastern virginia, we Callahan always went faking to church on sunday nights, and the movie always came Polkomtel on on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in Lucinda eastern virginia, we always went Solovieva to church on sunday nights, and the movie always Peniche came on on sunday Ross night. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, Téa we always went to church on sunday nights, and Ofer the movie always Shamshabad came on on sunday Promoted night. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, we always Beth went to church on sunday nights, and the Okotoks movie always came on nesting on Ashtabula sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, we always went to church on sunday nights, and the movie always derive on on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, we always went to church on sunday nox, and the movie always came on on sunday nighttime. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, we perpetually went to church on sunday nights, and the movie always come on on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' s small fry in eastern va, we always went to church on sunday night, and the movie always came on on sunday night. "
0
But I could not attend her funeral.
but attend could not i her funeral
but i could not attend funeral her
could i but not attend her funeral
but i attend not could her funeral
but i could not attend her funeral
but i could not attend her funeral
i could not attend funeral
but could not attend her funeral
but i Semih could not attend her funeral.
but i could not attend her Zalai funeral.
but i could PAY not attend her funeral.
but i could not attend her author funeral.
but 1 could not attend her funeral.
only i could not attend her funeral.
but i could non attend her funeral.
but i could not take care her funeral.
2
"But I have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so I'm back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, Stade Francais."
but i have to follow the advice of quickly surgeon possible my undergo surgery so im and on my feet as soon as back to play for my club stade francais
back i have but and the advice of my surgeon follow quickly undergo surgery so im to on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
but i so to follow the advice of im surgeon and quickly undergo surgery stade my back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club have francais
but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon my quickly undergo surgery so im back on play feet as soon as stade to and for my club possible francais
but i have follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so im back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly surgery so im on my feet soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so im back on my feet soon possible to play for my club stade francais
but i have to follow the my surgeon quickly undergo surgery so im back my soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
" but i goalie have to follow the advice of my Sobitha surgeon and quickly Akashdeep undergo surgery so i ' m back on my feet as soon as possible to play Demi for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to Nai follow the Jenna advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so i ' m back on my feet as soon as possible Structure to play for my club, gadget stade francais. "
" but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so i ' m back on Qadi my feet as neutron soon as possible to play for JEB my club, stade unsubstantiated francais. "
" but i have to follow Nasdaq the advice Intersat of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so i ' m back on my feet as soon Jacky as Holly possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and promptly undergo surgery hence i ' m back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so i ' m backward on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo or then one ' m back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so i ' m back on my feet as shortly as possible to play for my ball club, stade francais. "
1
But I think it will probably start to sink in when I go to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but broadcaster go it will probably start to sink in when i go to see his body and think to the funeral she told the i
but will think it i probably start to sink in when i go to see body his and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start to sink in told i go to see his body and she to the funeral go when the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start broadcaster go in when i go to see his body and sink to the funeral she told the to
but i think will probably start to sink in i go to see his body and go to the funeral she the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start to sink in when i go to his body go to the funeral she told the broadcaster
but i think it will probably to sink in when i go to see his body and go to the she told the broadcaster
i think it will probably start to sink when i go see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster
but i think it will probably l##t start to sink sales in when i go to see his Knee body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think it will probably start to sink ELGIN in when i go to see Koumba his body and Kent go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i Africo think it will probably start Ladiana to sink in when i go to see his body and go to the funeral she eerily told the broadcaster.
but i think it playwright will probably start to sink Akelo in when i go to see his body and go NASDAQ to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i mean it will probably start to sink in when i expire to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think it will probably start to sink in when i go to see his consistency and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think it will probably start to sink in when i go to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but one think it will probably start to sink in when i hold up to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
1
"But we do not disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of the Rendezvous and much of the Deep South."
but we do not disdain much pork barbecue which is of speciality of the rendezvous and good the the deep south
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue which of the speciality is the deep and much of the rendezvous south
disdain we do not but good pork which barbecue is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep south
but we do good the not pork barbecue which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of disdain deep south
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of deep south
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue is the of the rendezvous and much of the deep
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue which is the of the rendezvous and much the deep south
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of deep south
" but we do Esi not DONT disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the Tel deep south. "
" but we do not disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality Craig of the Huthaifa rendezvous and much of the Coldwell deep south. "
" but we do PhotoBooks not disdain good pork barbecue, spokesman which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much bioactive of the deep south. "
" but we do not disdain good pork barbecue, NEW which is Mawiya the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep RedHawk south. "
" but we do not scorn good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the mystifying south. "
" but we do not disdain good pork barbecue, which be the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep southward. "
" but we do not disdain good porc barbecue, which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep south. "
" but we do not disdain good porc barbecue, which is the strong point of the rendezvous and much of the deep confederacy. "
1
But we might not know that because we don't go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
but we might not know that because we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as much once we as did
but we dont because know that not we might go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did
but we might much know that because we did go to the parades and cemetery services as not as we once dont
but we because not know once might we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we that did
we might know that because we dont go to parades and cemetery services as much we once did
but we might not know that because we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did
but we might not know because we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as as we once did
but we might not know that because we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did
but we might not know that because we Shiningbank don ' t go to the parades and Shyam cemetery services as Floyd much as we once did.
but we might not know that because we don ' eing t go Infor to the parades and cemetery services Alvin as much as we once did.
but we might Urfa not know pitcher that because overwhelming we don ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
COVINGTON but we might not know that because we don ' t go to spewing the parades and cemetery services as much as HEAVY we once did.
but we mightiness not know that because we get into ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as lots as we once did.
simply we might non know that because we don ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
but we might not know that because we don ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
but we might not know that because we don ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as practically as we at one time did.
1
But we'd like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version.
but wed like go to to the movie and see the 30 million version
but wed like to go to the movie and see the million 30 version
but wed like to go to the version and see the 30 million movie
but wed like see go to the movie and to the 30 million version
wed like go to the and see the 30 million version
but wed like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version
but like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version
but wed like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version
but we ' d like to go to the movie and Buckmore see the 30 Walter million version.
chasing but we ' d like to go to the movie and Bugey see the 30 million version.
but we ' judgment d like to Viagra go to the movie and see the 30 million version.
but we ' d like to go to the movie and see Nick the KwaZuluNatal 30 million version.
just we ' d like to go to the movie and see the 30 million reading.
but we ' d like to go to the movie and see the xxx million version.
merely we ' d like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version.
but we ' d like to go to the motion picture and see the 30 zillion version.
1
"But we're going out tomorrow night, and we're all atwitter about what movie we're going to see."
but were going out tomorrow night were were all atwitter about what movie and going to see
but were going out tomorrow night to were all atwitter about what movie were going and see
but were all out tomorrow night and were going atwitter about what movie were going to see
but were going out tomorrow night and were all atwitter about going movie were what to see
but were going tomorrow night and were all atwitter about what movie were going to see
were going tomorrow night and were all atwitter about what movie were going to see
but were going out tomorrow night and were all atwitter about what movie were going to see
but going out tomorrow night and were all atwitter about what movie were see
" but we ' SIDS re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what Mutt movie we ' re going to flatwoods see. "
" but we ' re COACH going Asvel out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about Doppelganger what movie we ' re going to see. "
" but we ' alto re going Carl out tomorrow night, and Eramet we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re going to see. "
" but we ' re going juvenile out tomorrow night, and we ' re te all atwitter about what contentiously movie we ' re going to see. "
" only we ' re going prohibited tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re going to see. "
" but we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what flick we ' re going to see. "
" but we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re going to interpret. "
" simply we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re going to see. "
1
"Combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o'clock movie at the gorgeous 1,000-seat Avalon, an Art Deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 Casino."
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous 1 000 seat the an art deco movie palace underneath avalon vintage 1929 casino
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie an the gorgeous 1 casino seat avalon at art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 000
combining movie and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock research at the 1929 1 000 seat avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage gorgeous casino
combining research 1 diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous and casino seat avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 000
combining research and diversion we decided to a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous 1 000 seat avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie the gorgeous 1 000 avalon art movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the 1 000 seat avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous 1 000 seat avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
" combining research Small and diversion, we decided to catch IDIQ a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous JOE 1, 000 - seat avalon, an Ruhlmann art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided pseudo to catch a Shaba 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - semiautonomous seat avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 kz casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 Puls o ' clock GRANTS movie at the gorgeous 1, Forever 000 - seat John avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' FIER clock movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - seat Seth avalon, rythmn an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage Conjunction 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous ane, 000 - seat avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 cassino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a vii o ' clock motion picture show at the gorgeous 1, 000 - seat avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combine research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - seat avalon, an prowess deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous ane, 000 - seat avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 gambling casino. "
0
"Deflated, we moved on to plan B: A Sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75-100 of our nearest and dearest."
75 we moved on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with deflated 100 of and nearest our dearest
deflated we moved morning to plan b a sunday on ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch dearest 75 100 of our nearest and with
deflated we moved on to plan b a sunday morning 75 followed by an afternoon brunch with ceremony our of 100 nearest and dearest
deflated we moved on to plan b a sunday 75 ceremony followed by with afternoon brunch an morning 100 of our nearest and dearest
deflated we moved on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 100 of our nearest and
we moved on to plan b sunday morning ceremony followed by brunch 75 100 of our nearest and dearest
deflated we moved on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 100 of nearest and dearest
deflated we moved on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch 75 100 of our nearest dearest
" deflated, we Lorent moved on Blue to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony MICHELLE followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to plan BC b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 studio.com of our nearest and Militants dearest. "
" deflated, Mangala we moved on to plan Shahab b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of Bette our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on COLD to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed SUMED by an afternoon brunch with 75 - IF 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with lxxv - 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with seventy five - 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an good afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to be after b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
0
"Despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers ""I attended Randy's funeral to demonstrate San Francisco's sorrow"" Jordan says, adding, ""I'm open and receptive""."
despite criticism from fundamentalist adding i attended randys funeral jordan demonstrate san franciscos sorrow to says preachers im open and receptive
receptive criticism from fundamentalist preachers funeral attended randys i to demonstrate san franciscos sorrow jordan says adding im open and despite
despite criticism from fundamentalist im i attended randys funeral to demonstrate san franciscos sorrow open says adding preachers jordan and receptive
despite san from fundamentalist preachers i attended randys funeral to demonstrate criticism franciscos open jordan says adding im sorrow and receptive
despite criticism from fundamentalist i randys funeral to demonstrate san franciscos jordan says adding im open and receptive
despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers i randys funeral demonstrate san franciscos sorrow jordan says adding im open and receptive
despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers i attended randys funeral to demonstrate san franciscos sorrow jordan says open and receptive
despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers i attended randys funeral to demonstrate san sorrow jordan says open and receptive
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral Vageesh to demonstrate san Topps francisco ' s sorrow " " LMP2 jordan says, adding, " " Favorite i ' m open and receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i Nikki attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' s FOR sorrow " " jordan Scalloped says, adding, " " i ' edamame m open and receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist Immobilise preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san Down francisco ' s sorrow " " ruling jordan says, adding, " " i ' m open and fruits receptive " ". "
" toolbar despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s Glamorgan funeral to demonstrate Brittany san www.kcwizards.com francisco ' s sorrow " " jordan says, adding, " " i ' m open and receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " iodine assist randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' reciprocal ohm sorrow " " jordan river says, adding, " " i ' m open and receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' entropy sorrow " " jordan say, adding, " " i ' thousand open and receptive " ". "
" despite critique from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' s sorrow " " jordan says, adding, " " i ' m open and centripetal " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' s sorrow " " jordan says, adding, " " ace ' m opened and receptive " ". "
2
Did I mention I had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later?
did i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for later days two
i did mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later
two i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for did days later
did i mention i dentist a had appointment scheduled for two days later
i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later
did i mention had a dentist scheduled for two days later
i mention i had a dentist appointment for two days later
did i mention had a dentist appointment for two days later
did i mention i had a Invalid dentist appointment scheduled for two days Asbestosis later?
did i ONGOING mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two defenseman days later?
did Karlo i mention i had a dentist Baja appointment scheduled for two days later?
did e i mention i had a dentist appointment Ambassador scheduled for two days later?
did ane mention i had a dentist appointment schedule for two days later?
do i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later?
did i mention i had a dentist appointment schedule for two days later?
did one mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for 2 days later?
2
"Down we go to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain."
down we go to the theater with two rows of plush cream a and chairs matching cream movie curtain
down we go matching the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and a to cream movie curtain
down we go to the theater with two rows of matching cream chairs and a plush cream movie curtain
down we go to cream theater with two rows of plush the chairs and a matching cream movie curtain
we go to the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain
down we go to the theater two of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain
we go to the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain
down we go to the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain
" down Biacore we go to guy the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream Rogue movie curtain. "
" down we go to the theater, with two rows of Ab plush cream chairs Mr and OceanFirst a matching cream movie curtain. "
" down chromed we go to rosie.com the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a Repave matching cream movie curtain. "
" down we go to the theater, with Rajaratnam two insouciant rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream Elliptical movie curtain. "
" down we go to the theater, with two rows of plush ointment chair and a matching cream movie curtain. "
" down we go to the theater, with two row of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain. "
" blue we go to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie mantle. "
" down we give out to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain. "
0
"First we've had the carnival, then the Rolling Stones concert, and now the World Cup: sales have been good up to now."
first weve had the now stones the rolling then concert and carnival the world cup sales have been good up to now
first weve had the carnival then the rolling world have and now the stones cup sales concert been good up to now
first weve had the carnival then the rolling world good and now the stones cup sales have been concert up to now
first weve had the carnival then sales rolling stones concert world now the and cup the have been good up to now
first weve had the carnival rolling stones concert now the world cup sales been good up to now
weve had the carnival then the rolling stones concert and now the world cup sales have been good up now
first weve had the carnival the rolling stones now cup sales have been good up to now
first weve had the carnival then the rolling stones concert and now the world cup sales have good up to now
" first we ' Ehud ve ATCA had the carnival, Bangalore then the rolling stones concert, and now the world cup: sales have been good up to now. "
" first Ettore we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and now the world cup: sales have INVESTMENT been good level.â up to now. "
" first we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and now the world GLPK cup: Brostuen sales have been good up Urroz to now. "
" first Jennifer we ' ve flagpole had ZAP the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and now the world cup: sales have been good up to now. "
" first we ' ve had the carnival, then the roll stones concert, and at once the world cup: sales have been good astir to now. "
" first we ' ve had the funfair, then the rolling stones concert, and now the world cup: sale have been good up to now. "
" first we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and at once the world cup: sales have been skillful improving to now. "
" for the first time we ' ve had the fair, then the drift stones concert, and now the world cup: sales have been good up to now. "
0
"From 7 years, I started to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick."
course 7 years concerts for to go to i collecting autographs and preparing the scores started the concert during the week and of from dreaming that the conductor would be sick
years 7 from i started the go to concerts collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and of course dreaming that to conductor would be sick
from 7 years preparing started to go to concerts collecting autographs and i the scores for the concert during the course and of week sick that the conductor would be dreaming
from 7 started i to to sick years concerts collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and of course dreaming that the conductor would be go
from 7 i started go to concerts collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and of that the conductor would sick
from 7 years i started to go to concerts collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and course dreaming that the conductor be sick
from 7 years i to go to collecting autographs preparing the scores for the concert the and of course dreaming that conductor would be sick
from 7 years started to go to concerts collecting preparing the scores for the concert during the week and of course dreaming that the conductor would sick
" Reetz from 7 years, i started to Box go to concerts, collecting autographs infamous and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, ALU of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i started to go nocturnal to concerts, story collecting autographs and preparing Hafke the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be Slammin sick. "
" from 7 Internet years, i started to go to concerts, collecting autographs Bhagwani and preparing the scores for Naseeruddin the concert during the lawyer week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i Steinbrook started to go to concerts, collecting autographs and Bamblett preparing the scores for the Judge concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be iR#### sick. "
" from 7 days, i start to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, woolgather that the conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i start to go to concerts, collect autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the music director would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i begin to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the calendar week and, of path, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i started to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the score for the concert during the week and, of class, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
0
"Given the many time zones between us, we'll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in Sydney has gone home."
given the many still zones time us well between be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home
given everyone many time zones between home well still be watching the closing ceremony after the in sydney has gone us
given the many home zones between us well still be watching the closing sydney after everyone in ceremony has gone time
given the many time zones between us well still be watching the closing sydney after everyone in ceremony has gone home
given the many time zones between us well be the closing ceremony after in sydney has gone home
the many time zones between us well still be watching the after everyone sydney has gone
given the many time zones between us well still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home
given the many time zones between us still be watching the closing ceremony after in sydney has
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone Birkenstock in Duramax sydney has boa gone home. "
" given the many time zones winger between us, we ' worden ll Jaane still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" Hobey given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still be watching the closing Chaleff ceremony after MID everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone itemized in sydney Akram has mar gone home. "
" fall in the many sentence zones between u, we ' ll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" given the many clip zones between us, we ' ll still live watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney give pass away home. "
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still follow watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
1
"Going into the future, we're never going to get another concert from him."
going into the future concert never going to get another were from him
going into the future were never going get to another concert from him
going into the future were never going concert get another to from him
going going the future were never into to get another concert from him
going into the future were never going get another from him
into future were never going get another concert from
going into the future were never going to get another concert from him
going into the future were going to another from him
" going into Bowlers the future, we ' re Bart never going to get another concert from him. "
" going into the future, we ' re Mallion never going to get another concert from lyrical him. "
" Deepa going into the future, Thierry we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
" going into Sineva the future, we ' re never Momodu going to get another concert from him. "
" going into the future, we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
" going into the future, we ' re ne'er going to get another concert from him. "
" going into the futurity, we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
" going into the futurity, we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
2
"I always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live' said Saint Petersburger Yulia Ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the Sunday evening concert with her husband Boris."
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live to saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya who plans said attend the boris evening concert with her husband sunday
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly husband her live said saint petersburger attend ilyinskaya who plans to yulia the sunday evening concert with her see boris
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said evening petersburger yulia ilyinskaya boris plans to attend the sunday saint concert with her husband who
i always wanted to hear and her most ilyinskaya see her live said saint petersburger yulia importantly who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with boris
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger yulia who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with husband boris
i always to her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger ilyinskaya who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris
" Setton i always wanted to hear OUTSTANDING her and most importantly see her live ' Tegner said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the sunday evening defenseman concert with her husband boris. "
" i always Payne wanted to hear her and COLUMBIA most importantly see cavernous her live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans Downsview to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
" Lucid i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see Slots her live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans Donegall to attend the sunday evening concert with her Mirano husband boris. "
" polycyclic i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, Philippine who plans to attend the Nittany sunday evening Aclar concert with her husband boris. "
" i always require to hear her and most importantly see her live ' said nonesuch petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
" i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who project to assist the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
" ace always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live ' read saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
" i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her unrecorded ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her married man boris. "
0
"I am going to see Paul McCartney in concert tonight, so it was something I didn't want to miss."
it am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so i was something i didnt want to miss
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it was something to didnt want i miss
i am going didnt see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it was something i to want to miss
i concert going to see paul mccartney in am tonight so it was something i didnt want to miss
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it was something i didnt want miss
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it was something didnt want to miss
i am going see paul mccartney in tonight was something i didnt want to miss
i am going to see paul mccartney in tonight so it was something i didnt want to
" i am Roald going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so Al it was something i Trivunovic didn ' t want to miss. "
" i am going to see Workers paul mccartney in concert tonight, so suitcase it was Nikoil something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" EDINBURG i ICT am Transport going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" NEW i am going to see paul mccartney in Eastern concert tonight, so it was truTV something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" i am going to picture paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t need to miss. "
" i am going to go steady paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" iodine am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t desire to miss. "
" i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' triiodothyronine want to miss. "
1
I arrived at the Stadium around 8 o'clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees' entrance.
i arrived at the stadium around 8 oclock employees sat in the bleachers in back of and handball court next to the the entrance
i arrived at the stadium around in oclock and sat in the bleachers 8 back of the to court next handball the employees entrance
i next at the stadium around 8 oclock and sat in the bleachers in back of the arrived court handball to the employees entrance
i arrived at the and around 8 in stadium sat in the bleachers oclock back of the handball court next to the employees entrance
i arrived at the around 8 and sat in bleachers in back the court next to the employees entrance
i arrived at the stadium around oclock and in the in back of the handball court next to the employees entrance
i at the stadium around 8 oclock and sat in the bleachers in back the court next to the employees entrance
arrived at the stadium around 8 oclock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees entrance
i arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat remodel in the bleachers in back of the handball court next Alan to the employees ' Segmenting entrance.
Pedestrian i arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to Thurgood the Harold employees ' entrance.
i arrived at Applefeld the stadium around BLUFFTON 8 o ' clock and sat Helps in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees ' entrance.
i arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back Jurupa of the predatory handball Bank court next to the employees ' entrance.
i arrived at the sports stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court adjacent to the employees ' entrance.
unity arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court succeeding to the employees ' entrance.
i arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and saturday in the bleachers in back of the handball court side by side to the employees ' entrance.
one arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in cover of the handball court next to the employees ' entrance.
0
I attended a meeting of new band members and their parents.
i attended a members of new band meeting and their parents
i attended a meeting members new band of and their parents
i attended a meeting members new band of and their parents
i attended a meeting of their band members and new parents
i attended a meeting of band members and their parents
attended meeting of new band members and their parents
i attended a meeting of new band members and their parents
i attended a meeting of new band members and their parents
i attended a meeting of new EMBARGOED band members bev and their parents.
i WHITEFIELD attended a meeting Kevin of new band members and their parents.
SmartPlant i attended a meeting of new band By members and their parents.
i attended Mike a BBIA meeting of new band members and their parents.
ace attended a meeting of unexampled band members and their parents.
one attended a meeting of new ring members and their parents.
i attended a confluence of new band members and their parents.
i attended a meeting of new dance band members and their parent.
0
I decided not to go to the concert because I was tired.
i decided not to go to the concert because tired was i
i decided not to go to the because concert i was tired
i decided i to go to the concert because not was tired
i decided tired to go to the concert because i was not
i decided not go to the because i tired
i decided not to go to the concert because i was tired
i decided not to go to the concert because i was tired
i decided not to go to the concert because was tired
i Capuano decided not to go to Sabina the concert because i was tired.
i decided not to go Inc. to the concert red because i was tired.
i Foscarinis decided not to go to the concert because i was Tilo tired.
Defense i decided not to Mufti go to the concert because i was tired.
i make up one's mind not to go to the concert because i was tired.
i make up one's mind not to go to the concert because i was tired.
ace decided not to go to the concert because i was tired.
i decided not to go to the concert because i was tired.
2
"I didn't know what to expect going into it, but what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports."
i didnt know what to expect what into it but going made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries different and sports
i didnt know to different expect going into it but what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from what countries and different sports
i didnt know what athletes expect going into it but what made it special for me different meeting the other to from was countries and different sports
i didnt know what to expect going into it but other made it special for what was meeting the me athletes from different countries and different sports
i didnt know what to expect going into it but what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports
i didnt what to expect going it but what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports
i didnt know what to expect going into it but what it for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries different sports
i didnt know what to going into it but what made it special for me was the other from different countries and different sports
" Carmer i didn ' t know what desktops to expect going into it, but what made Bruce it special Trimley for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into it, but Portelance what made it cataract special for me was John meeting the other athletes from San different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know Jim what to Alstott expect going Blur into it, but what made CSL it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into it, but what made it special for CEO me Colt was ESRI meeting the other athletes from different countries iMedix and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into it, but what made it particular for me be meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t be intimate what to expect going into it, just what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into it, but what made it special for me be satisfy the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into it, just what made it peculiar for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and dissimilar sports. "
0
I felt very moved at the beginning of the concert.
the felt very moved at the beginning of i concert
i felt very concert at the beginning of the moved
i felt concert moved at the beginning of the very
i moved very felt at the beginning of the concert
i felt very at the beginning the concert
felt very moved at the beginning of concert
i felt very at beginning of the concert
i felt very moved at beginning the concert
i felt very moved at the beginning of DeMoe the Geotag concert.
i felt very moved AVIONEWS at the bulbed beginning of the concert.
i felt very moved at Batra the beginning MATTHEW of the concert.
i Mistero felt very moved at the beginning Vontoure of the concert.
i feel very moved at the beginning of the concert.
iodin felt very move at the beginning of the concert.
i felt very prompt at the beginning of the concert.
i felt very run at the beginning of the concert.
0
"I finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10,000 dollars."
i finally a for corrective surgery at went hospital which has so far cost 10 000 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery at hospital a which has so far cost 10 000 dollars
which finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital i has so far cost 10 000 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery at a has which hospital so far cost 10 000 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery at hospital which so far 10 000 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery a hospital which has so far cost 10 000 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has far 10 dollars
i finally went corrective surgery at a hospital has so far cost 10 000 dollars
" i finally went for corrective surgery at a ###/per hospital which has so putrid far Inc. cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" BUDGET i finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which Balcatta has so Northern far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally Weymouth went bombastically for Wally corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i Mozart finally went for Isaac corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10, 000 veteran dollars. "
" single finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally went for corrective operating theater at a hospital which has so far price 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally go for disciplinary surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally went for corrective operation at a hospital which get so far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
2
I had a big surgery a couple of years ago.
i surgery a big had a couple of years ago
i had ago big surgery a couple of years a
a had a big surgery i couple of years ago
i had a big surgery a couple of years ago
i had a big surgery couple of years ago
i had a big surgery couple years ago
i had a big surgery a couple of years
i had a big surgery a couple of years ago
CONTACT i had a big surgery a NASDAQ couple of years ago.
Dayananda i had Jonathan a big surgery a couple of years ago.
i had a Beisel big surgery Trife a couple of years ago.
Ethernet i had Supnet a big surgery a couple of years ago.
i had a boastful surgery a twosome of years ago.
i had a big operating theater a duet of years ago.
i feature a big surgery a couple of years ago.
i had a adult surgery a couple of years ago.
2
I had gone for my final doctor's appointment on a Friday.
on had gone for my final doctors appointment i a friday
i had gone my for final doctors appointment on a friday
final had gone for my i doctors appointment on a friday
i had gone for final my doctors appointment on a friday
i had gone my final doctors appointment on a friday
i gone for my final doctors appointment on a friday
i had gone for my final doctors appointment on a friday
i had gone for my final doctors on a friday
i Joseph had gone for Investigation my final doctor ' s appointment on a friday.
i had gone Jessica for my final doctor ' s appointment on a wore friday.
i had gone for Amy my Antigone final doctor ' s appointment on a friday.
relief i had nearby gone for my final doctor ' s appointment on a friday.
i had gone for my final doctor ' s date on a friday.
1 had gone for my final doctor ' s appointment on a fri.
i stimulate gone for my last doctor ' s appointment on a friday.
unity had gone for my final doctor ' s appointment on a friday.
0
"I had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me to Hong Kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of Shanghai, where we lived."
i had gone to the ceremony because in sent the imminence of the war that had first was me to shanghai kong it 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of hong where we lived
i had gone to the ceremony because it lived the imminence of the war my had first sent me that hong kong in 1941 when to parents feared for the safety of shanghai where we was
i had gone to the my because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me to hong kong in 1941 when ceremony we feared for the where of shanghai safety parents lived
sent had gone to the ceremony kong it was the imminence of the war that 1941 first i me to hong because in had when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai where we lived
i had gone to the because it was the imminence of war had first sent me to hong kong in 1941 when my parents feared the safety of shanghai where we lived
i had gone to the ceremony it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me hong kong in 1941 when my parents for the safety of shanghai where we
i had gone to the ceremony because it the imminence of the war that had first sent me to hong kong in 1941 when my parents feared for safety of shanghai where we lived
i had to the ceremony because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me hong kong 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai where we lived
" i had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence cardiomyopathy of the war that By had first sent me to hong kong, in Rothley 1941 when my parents feared for Ikari the safety of shanghai, lumbar where we lived. "
" i had gone to the Shaun ceremony because it was the Hammitt imminence Carson of the war that had first sent me Odette to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents publicist feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i had gone speakinup## to the ceremony because it was the Freo imminence of the war that had first sent me to Lateral hong kong, in marijuana 1941 when Hervé my parents feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i had gone to the ceremony competition because it was the imminence recurrent of the war that had first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when MCMULLAN my Police parents feared Rockwell for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i had gone to the ceremonial because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent pine tree state to hong kong, in 1941 when my parent feared for the safety device of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i deliver gone to the ceremony because it be the imminence of the war that possess first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" atomic number 53 had gone to the ceremony because it was the impendency of the war that had first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i get gone to the ceremony because information technology was the imminence of the war that had first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
0
"I recently returned from the U.S. Open, from a hallowed club like Oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions."
i shirt returned from the u s open from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century in where golfers wear only slacks and a collared recently even broiling and conditions
i recently returned from the u s open from a hallowed was like only that club constructed in the turn of the century and where golfers wear oakmont slacks and a collared shirt even near broiling conditions
i constructed returned from the u s open from a hallowed club like oakmont that was even in the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt recently near broiling conditions
i recently returned from and u golfers open a a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century the where s wear only slacks and from collared shirt even in broiling conditions
i recently returned from the u s from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions
i recently from the u s open from a hallowed club like that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt in broiling conditions
i recently returned from the u open from a hallowed club like oakmont that was near the turn of the century and where golfers only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions
i recently returned from u s open from a hallowed club like was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared even in conditions
" i recently returned from the u. Tissue s. open, from a Eatoni hallowed club Lampshades like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers Sam wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling Vladislav conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. Gene open, from a hallowed John club like oakmont that was constructed Luca near the turn of the century and Yetunde where golfers wear only slacks SLING and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. open, ANTI from a hallowed club Jaffna like oakmont that was constructed near Hydro the ROLLING turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even TelecomView in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned ShockGuard from the u. lawyer s. Bok open, from Socialite a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn Billiton of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently render from the u. s. open, from a consecrate club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broil conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. second. loose, from a consecrate club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golf player wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" iodine late returned from the u. s. open, from a hallowed ball club like oakmont that was construct near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. open, from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear alone slacks and a collared shirt yet in broiling conditions. "
0
"I recently traveled to Afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with U.S. soldiers from the 2-4 Infantry and interviewing senior American military officers."
i recently afghanistan to the for three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u s soldiers from traveled 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers
i recently traveled to afghanistan for three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u s soldiers from the 2 4 infantry and interviewing officers military american senior
i recently traveled to afghanistan with three weeks meeting for officials government embedding with u s soldiers from the 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers
i recently traveled to afghanistan for s weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u three soldiers from the 2 4 military and interviewing senior american infantry officers
i recently to afghanistan for three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u s from the 2 4 infantry and interviewing american military officers
i traveled to for three weeks meeting with government officials embedding u s soldiers from 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior military officers
i recently traveled to afghanistan three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u s soldiers from the 2 4 and interviewing senior american military officers
recently traveled to afghanistan for three weeks with government officials embedding with u s soldiers from the 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military
" i recently traveled Gibboney to afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government Iftikhar officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers BLUE from the 2 - 4 infantry and PORT interviewing senior american military officers. "
" i recently traveled to Justice afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government Inc. officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - SLEAZE 4 infantry Inkjet and interviewing senior american military officers. "
" i email recently traveled to Foss afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding stingiest with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - al 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers. "
" lions i recently traveled to afghanistan bluesman for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - 4 infantry and interviewing SIFL senior Jewel american military officers. "
" i recently traveled to afghanistan for three hebdomad, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - four infantry and interviewing senior american military police officer. "
" atomic number 53 recently move to afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the two - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military ship's officer. "
" i latterly traveled to afghanistan for three workweek, meet with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the ii - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers. "
" i recently traveled to afghanistan for three calendar week, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military ship's officer. "
0
I remember going to the concert with my father.
the remember going to i concert with my father
i with going to the concert remember my father
father remember going to the concert with my i
i remember the to going concert with my father
i remember going to the concert my father
i remember going to the concert with my father
i remember going to the concert with my father
i remember going to the concert my father
i remember going to the concert with my LAHDC father.
i remember going to snowboarder the concert with my father.
i remember going to the concert Outshining with my father.
i remember going to the concert with my father.
i remember go to the concert with my father.
i think of going to the concert with my father.
i remember going to the concert with my male parent.
i remember going to the concert with my father.
0
I remember seeing Liza Minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing I could go dance with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and wishing on the sitting and steps i could go dance with her
i i seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps her wishing remember could go dance with and
remember i seeing could minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing i liza go dance with her
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and her i could go dance with wishing
remember seeing liza minnelli in concert sitting on the steps and wishing i go dance with her
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting the steps and i could go with her
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and i could go dance with her
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the and wishing i could go dance with her
i remember seeing liza minnelli in Nicolo concert and sitting on the Mosiah steps and AdvancedTCA wishing i could go dance with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in Grooms concert and sitting on the Photobucket steps and wishing i could go #,# dance with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and Nastassia wishing Unusuals i Farrah could go dance with her.
i remember seeing liza goto.seattlepi.com/r#### minnelli in concert and sitting on Vanderpan the steps and wishing i Ahlmann could go dance with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wish i could operate dance with her.
1 remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sit on the steps and wishing i could go dance with her.
i recollect see liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing i could go dance with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the step and wishing i could go dance with her.
0
"I remember that the funeral services for the Ugas at Sanford Stadium were once private, but by the time we got to Uga V, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans."
i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but by our time we got to announce v our mascot had become so famous that we to had publicly uga the plans
i remember that by funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but the the time we got to our v uga mascot become had so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans
i remember that the funeral services but the ugas at sanford stadium were once private for by the time we got to announce v our mascot had become so famous uga we had to publicly that our plans
i remember got the funeral services for sanford ugas at the stadium were once private but by the time we that to become v our mascot had uga so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans
i remember the funeral services for the ugas at stadium were once private but by the time we got to uga v our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans
i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but the time we got to uga v mascot had famous that we had to publicly announce our plans
i remember that the funeral services the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but by the time we got to uga v our mascot had become so famous we had to publicly announce our plans
i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but by the time we got to uga v our mascot had become so famous we had to announce our plans
" i remember information that the Tyra funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, Wodgina but by Manu the time we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that we zinging had to publicly announce our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by Fertil the time we got Convents to uga v, our Speight mascot had become www.ngas.com so famous that we had to publicly announce our Tu plans. "
" i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, Ceftobiprole but breathe by the Chumstick time we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that Rami we had to publicly announce our Bachelor plans. "
" i remember that the funeral THE services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by the time Peter we got to uga v, our Academic mascot had become so famous that we had to Glenda publicly eighth announce our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral service for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by the time we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were formerly private, just by the sentence we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium be once private, simply by the time we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by the clip we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
2
"I sat there thinking ""At least we're going to see a ballet by Twyla Tharp to compensate for this horror."""
i sat there thinking at for were going to see to ballet by twyla tharp a compensate least this horror
i sat there thinking compensate least were horror to see a ballet by twyla tharp to at for this going
to sat there this at least were going to see a ballet by twyla tharp i compensate for thinking horror
i a there compensate at least were going to see sat ballet by twyla tharp to thinking for this horror
i sat there thinking at least were to a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this horror
i sat thinking at least were going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this
i sat there thinking at least were going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this horror
i sat there thinking at least were going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this horror
" Hounshell i sat there Alan thinking " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by twyla tharp Cossette to compensate for this horror. " " "
" i sat there thinking " " jilted at least we ' re going to see a ballet by librettist twyla tharp receptor to compensate for this horror. " " "
" Sector i sat there thinking " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by Krups twyla tharp to compensate for Mul this horror. " " "
" i sat there thinking " " at least we ' kayaking re going to see a ballet by Jeff twyla tharp to Na compensate for this horror. " " "
" i sat there think " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to make up for this horror. " " "
" i sat there reckon " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by twyla twyla tharp to compensate for this horror. " " "
" i sat there thinking " " at least we ' atomic number 75 going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to overcompensate for this horror. " " "
" i sat there thinking " " at least we ' re go to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this repugnance. " " "
1
"I think once that ball is kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony."
i think once that ball is kicked off we are going to heat forget to about the have and the ceremony
i think once that ball is kicked going we are off to have to about forget the heat and the ceremony
i think once that ball is ceremony off we are going about have to forget to the heat and the kicked
i think once have ball is kicked that we are going to off to forget about the heat and the ceremony
i think once that ball is off we are going to have to forget the heat and ceremony
i think once that ball is off we are going to have to forget about the heat and the
i think that ball kicked off we are going have to forget about the heat and the ceremony
i think once that is kicked we are going to have to forget the heat the ceremony
" i think once that ball is kicked geometric off, we are Counterfeit going to have to forget about the heat and Daisher the ceremony. "
" PARI i think once Jack that ball is kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat and the Anthony ceremony. "
" i Julianna think once that ball is W. kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat and By the ceremony. "
" Udi i think once that ball is kicked off, Begins we are going to have to forget about the heat and the Windflow ceremony. "
" i think once that ball is kicked off, we are going to give birth to forget about the heat and the ceremony. "
" i think once that orb is kicked away, we are go to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony. "
" i think once that chunk is kicked slay, we are going to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony. "
" i conceive once that ball is kicked off, we are going to have to leave about the heat and the ceremony. "
1
"I took them to 'The Fast and the Furious' Walker recalls, ""and both of them were like,'Dude, we thought it was going to be some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope.'"""
i took them to the fast like the furious dope recalls and both of them were and dude pretty thought it was going to be some dumb car movie and that was we walker
walker took them to the fast and the dude i recalls and both of them were like furious we thought it was going to dumb some be car movie and that was pretty dope
them and them to the fast and the furious walker recalls and both of some were like dude we thought it was going to be i dumb car movie took that was pretty dope
i and them to and fast took the furious walker recalls the both of them were like dude we thought it was going to and some dumb car movie be that was pretty dope
i took them to fast and the furious walker recalls and both of them were like dude we it was going to be some dumb car and that was pretty dope
took them to the fast and the furious walker recalls and both them were like dude we thought it was to be some dumb car movie that dope
i took them to the fast the furious walker recalls and both of them were like dude we thought it was going to be some dumb car movie and was pretty
i took them to the fast and the furious walker recalls both of them like dude we thought it was going to be some dumb car and that was pretty dope
" i Pipefitter took them to ' the fast and the electronic furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it was going to be some dumb car FCSI movie, @ and that was ideal pretty dope. ' " " "
" Terry i took them to ' CURRENCIES the fast and the Rhimes furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of Rajeev them were like, ' dude, we thought it was Andrew going to be some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i took Don them to ' the fast boilover and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' Tun dude, we thought it butcher was going to be some dumb JACKET car movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i took them Dwars to ' the fast and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both Extr of them were like, ' dude, we thought it was going Waists to be some Summer dumb car SAY.N movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i took them to ' the fasting and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were same, ' dude, we thought it was going to comprise some dumb automobile movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i make them to ' the fast and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it was going to be some dumb car movie, and that was middling dope. ' " " "
" i took them to ' the fast and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it be going to live some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i took them to ' the fast and the furious ' footer recalls, " " and both of them be like, ' dude, we thought information technology embody going to be some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
0
"I took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at Covent Garden, and to the furniture section of the Victoria and Albert Museum."
garden took three friends with me at to guinea pigs and we went my the ballet as covent i and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum
i took three friends with went as my guinea pigs and we me to the ballet at museum garden and to the furniture section covent the victoria and albert of
i the three friends with me section my guinea pigs and we went to the ballet museum covent garden and to the furniture as of took victoria and albert at
i took my friends with the as three guinea pigs me we went to the ballet at covent garden and to and furniture section of the victoria and albert museum
i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs and the ballet at covent and to the furniture of the victoria and albert museum
i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs and we went to the ballet at covent garden and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum
i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs and we went to the ballet at covent garden and to the furniture section of victoria and albert museum
i took friends with me as my guinea pigs we went to the ballet at covent garden and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum
" i took John three friends with me cruel as my guinea Mamadou pigs, and we went to prosecutor the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
" i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, Ishant and we went to the ballet at covent garden, Phahlane and to the Digital furniture section of zucchini the victoria and albert museum. "
" i took three friends with Woo me as Secret my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, Loretta and to the furniture section of the victoria Kim and albert museum. "
" i took Greater three friends with me as my guinea Sun.Star pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and Alloy to the furniture section of the victoria Chapra and albert museum. "
" i took three protagonist with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria falls and albert museum. "
" i took triplet quaker with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
" i took three friends with me as my guinea fuzz, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
" iodin took three friends with maine as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
0
I 've finally decided that watching soccer is cool.
soccer ve finally decided that watching i is cool
i is finally decided that watching soccer ve cool
i cool finally decided that watching soccer is ve
i is finally decided that watching soccer ve cool
i ve finally decided that watching soccer is cool
ve finally decided that watching soccer is cool
i ve finally decided watching soccer is cool
i ve finally decided that watching soccer cool
falcons i ' ve finally decided that watching soccer JEDEC is cool.
i ' ve finally decided Varsha that watching Gabriel soccer is cool.
Anticon i ' ve finally decided Micah that watching soccer is cool.
i ' ve finally decided that watching teammate soccer ACTLABS is cool.
iodin ' ve finally decided that watching soccer is cool.
one ' ve finally decided that watching soccer is nerveless.
i ' ve last decided that watching soccer is cool.
i ' ve finally decide that watching soccer is cool.
0
I visited my doctor.
my visited i doctor
i visited doctor my
i doctor my visited
i my visited doctor
i visited doctor
i visited my doctor
i my doctor
i visited my doctor
i Langell visited my doctor.
i visited starring my doctor.
i ration visited my doctor.
i visited my Verena doctor.
i visited my doctor.
i visited my doctor of the church.
i visit my doctor.
one visited my doctor.
2
I was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
i was at this concert dances a bunch the friends and we were being so goofy and doing of swim and other silly with
i was at this concert with goofy bunch of friends and we silly being so a and doing the swim and other were dances
i was at this we with a bunch concert friends and of were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances
i was at this concert doing a bunch of friends and we silly being so goofy and with the swim and other were dances
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances
i was this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy doing the swim and other silly dances
i was at this concert with a bunch friends and we were so goofy and swim and other silly dances
i was at concert with a bunch of and we were being so goofy doing the swim and other silly dances
coupling i was al at this concert with a bunch of friends Fever and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
i was at this concert with a bunch of Groocock friends and we were being so goofy and Charlie doing the swim and Zahid other silly dances.
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the Code swim and Software other silly Lynette dances.
i Tsehaye was at this concert with a bunch of friends Jared and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly insurrectional dances.
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we be being thus goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and do the swim and other silly saltation.
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swimming and other silly dances.
i represent at this concert with a bunch of supporter and we were being so goofy and doing the swimming and other silly dances.
0
I was recently hospitalized with a life-threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening doctors that it took illness several days to accurately diagnose
days was recently hospitalized with a life threatening illness that it took doctors several i to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized it a life threatening illness that with took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening took that it illness doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was with a life threatening illness that took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently with a life threatening that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening illness that it took to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with life threatening illness that it took several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life - threatening illness Lamark that it took doctors several days to already accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized l' with a life - threatening illness that VEGETARIAN it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
Kyle i was recently hospitalized with a Triton life - threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
Marvin i was recently hospitalized with a life - threatening illness that it took doctors several days BAYOU to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a life - threatening illness that it took doc several days to accurately diagnose.
i was of late hospitalized with a life - threaten illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a life - threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a life - imperil unwellness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
2
"I was supposed to sing 'Amazing Grace' at my real  grandmother's funeral and I never got to, because I knew I was going to cry and I couldn't sing."
i was supposed to sing amazing grace at my real grandmothers funeral and because never got to i i knew i was couldnt to cry and i going sing
i was and to sing amazing at grace my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to because i knew i was going to cry supposed i couldnt sing
i was supposed to sing amazing knew at my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to i because grace i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
i was supposed to because amazing grace i my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to sing at knew i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
was to sing amazing grace at my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to because i knew i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
i was supposed to sing amazing grace my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to i knew i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
i was supposed to sing amazing grace at my real funeral and i never got to because i knew i was to cry and i couldnt sing
i was supposed to sing at my real grandmothers funeral and i got to because i knew was going to cry and i couldnt sing
" EKS i was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got metho to, because i knew i was going to Naeem cry and i couldn ' t Maintenance sing. "
" i Napsters was Stan supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at Torremolinos my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, because i knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t Scotforth sing. "
" i mangosteen was supposed Stan to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral goalkeepers and i never got to, because i knew i was going to cry Super and i couldn ' t sing. "
" i was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' Crystal at my real grandmother ' Saá s funeral and i never got to, because i knew i Losure was going to cry formerly and i couldn ' t sing. "
" i was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real grandma ' s funeral and i never get to, because i knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
" unity was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, because ane knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
" iodine was supposed to sing ' amazing gracility ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i ne'er got to, because i knew i was rifle to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
" i was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, because i knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
2
I wasn't interested in a movie about dentistry.
i wasnt about in a movie interested dentistry
i interested wasnt in a movie about dentistry
i interested wasnt in a movie about dentistry
about wasnt interested in a movie i dentistry
i interested in a movie about dentistry
i wasnt in a about dentistry
i wasnt interested in a about dentistry
i wasnt interested in a about dentistry
i wasn ' rectal t interested in a Cantung movie about dentistry.
i wasn ' Maharajapuram t Y#O# interested in a movie about dentistry.
i Morle wasn ' t interested in a Greg movie about dentistry.
Bro i wasn ' t Trick interested in a movie about dentistry.
ane wasn ' t interested in a movie about odontology.
one wasn ' t interested in a movie about dental medicine.
i wasn ' thyroxin interested in a movie astir dentistry.
ane wasn ' t interested in a movie about dentistry.
2
"I went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer's funeral."
i went there as an infantry officer said the uniform father full two dressed in of military stocky having just returned from a police officers funeral
i went there as an police officer said the stocky father two of dressed in full military uniform having just returned from a infantry officers funeral
i went there as a infantry officer stocky the said father of two dressed in full military uniform having just returned from an police officers funeral
i went there as an infantry stocky said the officer father of two dressed in full military uniform having just returned police a from officers funeral
i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two dressed full military uniform having just returned a police officers funeral
i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two dressed in full military uniform having just from a police officers funeral
i went as an infantry officer said stocky father two dressed in full military uniform having just from a officers funeral
i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two dressed in full military uniform just from a police funeral
" i went National there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military sodden uniform, having Millennium just returned from a police Congenital officer ' s funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said Haryana the Writers stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police Hotelier officer ' s Bessonette funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, Planimetrics having just returned Zetera from Hazira a police officer ' s Debra funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the Farzad stocky father of two, dressed in full military Babari uniform, having Riaz just returned from CORNELIA a police officer ' s funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky church father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just now returned from a police officer ' s funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the thickset don of deuce, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer ' s funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the heavyset father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police military officer ' s funeral. "
" i go there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just return from a police policeman ' s funeral. "
2
I went to ballet classes and took French lessons and etiquette classes.
i went to classes classes and took french lessons and etiquette ballet
i and to ballet classes and took french lessons went etiquette classes
french went to ballet classes and took i lessons and etiquette classes
i went to ballet and and took french lessons classes etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons and classes
went to ballet classes and french lessons and etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons and classes
i to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and took SHEETS french lessons tc and etiquette classes.
i went Syed to ballet Greatroom classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
i went to ballet classes and Jack took By french lessons and etiquette classes.
i went to ballet classes and Flexpipe took french lessons Bolinas and etiquette classes.
i move to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
ane went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
i go to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
0
I went to see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to see doctor the last week and he assured me the problem is muscular
i went to problem the doctor last week and he assured me the see is muscular
i assured to see the doctor last week and he went me the problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor week last and he assured me the problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor last and he assured me the problem is
i went to see the doctor last week he assured me problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor last and he assured me the problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor last and he assured me the problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor last week and discharge he Stylistic assured me the problem is muscular.
i went Zoila to Prahlad see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to Gwynneville see the doctor COM last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to see the doctor last inter week and he assured me the problem Seth is muscular.
i went to see the medico final week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i go to see the dr. last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i go to see the doctor utmost week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to view the md last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
2
"I went to the ballet, and I went to the opera, and I went to all the art exhibitions."
i went to the ballet and i went to the opera and the went to all i art exhibitions
i went to the exhibitions and i went to the opera and i went to all the art ballet
to went to the ballet and i went i the opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
i went to i ballet and the went to the opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
i and i to opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
i went to ballet and i went the opera and i went to all the exhibitions
i to the ballet and i went to the opera and i went to all the exhibitions
i went to the ballet and i went to the and i went to all the art exhibitions
" i went to the wife ballet, Genrich and i Mtombeni went to the opera, and i went to all the art exhibitions. "
" i went Camoranesi to the ballet, and overdrafting i went to the opera, and i went to all Monique the art exhibitions. "
" i Mongolian went to the ballet, and i went Ben to the opera, and i went to all the SOUTH art exhibitions. "
" i went to Baia the ballet, and i went to the opera, and i went Math to all the art Mikael exhibitions. "
" i went to the ballet, and i rifle to the opera house, and i went to totally the art exhibitions. "
" i went to the ballet, and i went to the opera, and i went to all the art exhibitions. "
" i went to the ballet, and i go to the opera, and i went to all the art exhibitions. "
" i went to the ballet, and i went to the opera, and i locomote to completely the art exhibition. "
0
I went to the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went to the hospital and had the at surgery 8
8 went to the hospital and had the surgery at i
i went 8 the hospital and had the surgery at to
i went to hospital the and had the surgery at 8
i went to the and had the surgery at 8
i the hospital and had surgery at 8
i went to the had the surgery at 8
i went to the hospital and had the surgery 8
i went to the VARBusiness hospital and had the surgery WPT at 8.
i went to the hospital and Las had the surgery at Blip.fm 8.
i EVXA went to Dungeness the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went to the DiagnoCure hospital and had the surgery at AGREE 8.
i went to the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went to the infirmary and had the surgery at 8.
i snuff it to the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went to the hospital and had the surgery at eighter.
2
"I went to watch Chelsea in the Champions League a couple of times and on one occasion in particular, I looked at Oliver Kahn doing his warmup and thought: ""I used to be doing that."""
i went to watch chelsea in league champions the a couple of times and on one occasion to particular i looked at oliver kahn doing warmup his and thought i used in be doing that
i went and watch chelsea in the champions league a couple be thought and on one occasion in particular i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup to times i used to of doing that
i went to watch the in chelsea champions league a couple of times and on at occasion in particular i looked one oliver kahn doing that warmup and thought i used to be doing his
i of i watch chelsea in the champions league a couple went times to on one occasion in particular i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought to used and be doing that
i to in the champions league couple of times and on one occasion in particular i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought i used be doing that
i to watch in the champions league couple of and on occasion in particular looked kahn doing his warmup and thought i used to be doing that
i went to chelsea in the league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular i looked oliver kahn doing warmup and i used to be doing that
to chelsea the champions league couple times and on one occasion in particular i at oliver kahn doing his warmup and i used be doing that
" i went to watch chelsea SQUARE in streaky the champions league a couple Nearly of times and on one occasion in particular, unpainted i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " externalise i used to be doing that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the champions PIZZA league a BYU couple of times and Ted on one occasion in particular, i looked at oliver kahn doing Nickie his warmup Ribes and thought: " " i used to be doing that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the champions league a couple of times AssociatesFortune.com and on one occasion in Decarnin particular, i looked Lee at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i Hashimpura used to be doing Forche that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the champions league globe a couple of times and on one occasion Matthew in particular, Minister i Indrajeet looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " Universum i used to be doing that. " " "
" i went to catch chelsea in the champions league a couple of times and on unmatched occasion in particular, i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i used to be doing that. " " "
" i went to find out chelsea in the title holder league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular, i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " 1 used to be make out that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the whiz league a mates of times and on one occasion in particular, i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i used to be doing that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the champions league a distich of times and on one social occasion in particular, i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i used to be doing that. " " "
0
"I went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! Then I went home to watch the race  the 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game."
i went to watch end grandson play he won his league we then ours won i went home to watch the race the my 000 guineas at newmarket then switched over for the 1 of the game
i went the watch game grandson play he won his league we won ours then i went home over watch the race the 1 000 guineas at newmarket then switched to for to end of the my
i went switched race my grandson play he won we league his won ours then i went home to watch the watch the 1 000 guineas at newmarket then to over for the end of the game
i went to watch my guineas play he won his league we won ours then i went home to game the race the 1 000 the at newmarket then switched over for grandson end of the watch
i went to watch my grandson play won his league we won ours then i went home to watch the race the 1 000 guineas at newmarket then over for the end of the game
i went to my grandson play won league won ours then i went home to the race the 1 000 guineas at newmarket then switched over for the end of the game
i went watch my grandson play he won his league we ours then i went home watch the race the 1 000 guineas at newmarket then over for end of the game
i went watch my play he won league we won ours then i went home to watch the the 1 000 guineas then switched over for the end of the game
" i went to watch my Sugababes grandson play, he won NOVAVAX his league, we won ours! then i went home to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched over Arne for Artes the Assemblyman end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson neurosurgical play, he won Newsroom his BERYL league, we won ours! then i went home to Etimicin watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched over for the end OpenGIS of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! then i Vorland went home Wolfensberger to watch the race the Mexican 1, 000 Badolato guineas at AirPlus newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game. "
" Pt i went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! then Dean i went home to watch the race the 1, 000 platelet guineas at Rosalind newmarket, then switched over VELCO for the end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson fun, he won his league, we pull ahead ours! then i went home to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched over for the terminal of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he win his league, we won ours! then 1 went home to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, and so switched over for the end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he won his conference, we won ours! then ane went home to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched ended for the end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! then i went home to watch the raceway the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game. "
0
"I will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from Turkey will also be there' Gul told reporters here."
i will attend the funeral but we will determine later today who else from turkey be also will there gul told reporters here
i will gul the funeral but we will be later today who else from turkey will also determine there attend told reporters here
from will attend the funeral but we will determine there today who else i turkey will also be later gul told reporters here
i will attend the today but we will determine later funeral who else from turkey will also be gul there told reporters here
i will attend the funeral but we will determine later today who from will also be gul told reporters here
i will attend the funeral we will determine later today else from turkey will also be there gul told reporters here
i will attend the funeral but we determine later today who else from will also be there gul told reporters here
i will attend the but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be gul told reporters here
" i will attend the funeral, but we will Clothing determine later today who else from turkey IBM will also be there ' gul ASHEVILLE told reporters here. "
" i will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else Amayapampa from turkey will also be Reial there ' gul told NYSE reporters here. "
" Bill i will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who designer else from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters Artforum here. "
" i will attend the funeral, but Shallbetter we will determine later today who Howard else PDN from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters here. "
" i will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there ' gul separate reporters hither. "
" i will attend the funeral, simply we will decide later today who else from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters hither. "
" i will go to the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also make up there ' gul tell reporters here. "
" i will attend the funeral, just we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters hither. "
1
I will not going to watch the race Saturday.
i watch not going to will the race saturday
saturday will not going to watch the race i
will i not going to watch the race saturday
saturday will not going to watch the race i
i will not going to the race saturday
i will not going to the race saturday
i will not going to watch the race saturday
i will not going to race saturday
i will not going to watch THE the race saturday.
i will not going to watch the race bull saturday.
i will not going to watch the race quarterback saturday.
i will not going to wheat watch the race saturday.
i will not going to watch the wash saturday.
i will not start to watch the race saturday.
i bequeath not going to watch the race saturday.
i volition not going to watch the race saturday.
1
"I'm generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but I was moved by each presentation and performance such as when Dave Brubeck's four sons play along during the U.S. Army Jazz Ambassadors' rendition of 'Take Five.'"
im generally no softy s ambassadors comes to ritual ceremony but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave take four sons play along during the u when army jazz it rendition of brubecks five
im generally no softy when it take to ritual ceremony but i was moved by each presentation and performance such sons when dave brubecks four as army along during the u s play jazz ambassadors rendition of comes five
but generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony im i was moved by each presentation and performance such as during dave brubecks four sons play along when the u s ambassadors jazz army rendition of take five
im generally no softy when it comes to ritual take but i was ceremony by each presentation and performance such brubecks when dave as four sons play along during the u s army jazz ambassadors rendition of moved five
im generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when brubecks four sons play along during the u s army jazz ambassadors rendition of take five
im generally no softy when it to ritual ceremony but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubecks four play along during the u s army ambassadors rendition of take five
im generally no when it comes to ceremony but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubecks four sons play along during u s army jazz ambassadors rendition of take five
im generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubecks four sons along during the u s army ambassadors rendition of take five
" i ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but i was moved by each Kaleme.ir presentation and performance such as when El dave brubeck ' s four sons Santosh play along Marc during the u. Mitch s. army jazz Professorship ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" i ' m generally no softy when Orientalists it WACHOVIA comes INCOME to ritual ceremony, but i was moved by each presentation and performance such marine as when dave brubeck ' s four sons Sonny play along during Public the u. s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" i ' m generally no softy Relics when it comes to ritual ceremony, but Autrey i was Maxtone moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s Carly four sons play along Dominique during the u. ####.##.## s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" i ' m generally Defensive no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but i Jan was moved by each presentation and performance such Neusiedler as when dave brubeck ' s four sons play along during LeDroit the u. s. army Sichuan jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take Kaikorai five. ' "
" 1 ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremonial, but i was moved by each intro and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons roleplay along during the u. s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' learn five. ' "
" i ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but i was moved by each presentation and execution such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons recreate along during the u. siemens. army jazz embassador ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" iodine ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremonial, but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons play along during the u. s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take 5. ' "
" iodin ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but single be moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons play along during the u. randomness. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
0
"In addition to the games we've been the Hollywood Bowl for one World Cup concert with Itzhak Perlman, and we're going again on Friday' said Franklin of the Los Angeles area city of Santa Monica."
in addition to area games weve perlman the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak been and of going again on friday said franklin of the los angeles the city were santa monica
in addition friday the with weve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert games franklin perlman and were going again on to said itzhak of the los angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to the games hollywood been the weve bowl for one world with concert cup and perlman itzhak were going again on friday said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to the for and been the hollywood bowl games one world cup concert with itzhak of weve were going again on friday said franklin perlman the los angeles area city of santa monica
in to the been the hollywood bowl for one cup concert with itzhak perlman and going again on friday said franklin the los angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to the games weve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman and were going again on friday said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to the games weve been the bowl for one cup concert with itzhak and were going again on friday said of the los angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to the games weve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak and were going again on friday said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica
" in addition to the games we ' ve been KIMANI the hollywood bowl for postnatal one world cup concert with Ambam itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on friday ' said franklin Nad of the los angeles area city protein of santa monica. "
" in addition to Branwen the games we ' ve been the hollywood National bowl for one world cup concert Babri with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going Khunying again on friday ' said franklin of Nicoise the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
" in addition to the games we ' Doward ve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' +#-###-###-#### re going again on aversive friday ' said franklin of the los Jan angeles area city INOA of santa monica. "
" in addition to the passenger games we ' ve Tod been the hollywood bowl for Jim one world cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' Flagstar re going again Oarsome on friday ' said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
" in improver to the games we ' ve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on fri ' tell franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
" in improver to the games we ' ve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' ra perish again on friday ' said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
" in addition to the games we ' ve been the hollywood bowl for one world loving cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on friday ' say franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
" in addition to the games we ' ve been the hollywood bowl for one world loving cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on fri ' said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
0
"In the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, Alaska's answer to a good barbecue, at the Gold Creek Salmon Bake."
in at evening we gold a salmon bake alaskas answer to a good barbecue the the enjoyed creek salmon bake
to a evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer in the good barbecue at the gold creek salmon bake
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas creek answer a good barbecue at the gold to salmon bake
in creek evening we enjoyed barbecue salmon bake alaskas answer to a good a at the gold the salmon bake
the evening enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer to a good barbecue at the gold creek salmon bake
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer a good barbecue the gold creek salmon
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer to a good barbecue gold salmon bake
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer to a barbecue at gold salmon bake
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' NTT s answer to Enclave a galactic good barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
" in Sundance the baked evening, we enjoyed COSM a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s Pepper answer to a Twinbrook good barbecue, at the gold creek NUAN salmon bake. "
" in the ENLIST evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbecue, at the Wasim gold EVTS creek salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s solution to a good barbecue, at the gold brook salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbeque, at the gold brook salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we revel a pink orange bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
0
"In the evening, we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory."
in the evening we set up our barbecue on the the a and watched western sun go down in shore blaze of glory
in the evening barbecue in up our we on the western shore and watched the sun go down set a blaze of glory
in shore evening we set up the barbecue on the western the and watched our sun go down in a blaze of glory
in the evening on set up our barbecue we the western shore and watched the sun in down go a blaze of glory
in evening we set up our the western shore and watched the sun go down a blaze of
in the evening we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a of glory
in the evening we set barbecue on the western shore and the sun go down in blaze of glory
set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory
" MEP in the evening, we set up our barbecue on the FOR western FedEx shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, we set up H. our barbecue on the Harbans western shore and watched AMSU the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, we set up our barbecue rashes on the western extraterrestrial shore and watched Electro the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, Stardust we set up our barbecue on the western shore Zaayman and watched Sitoh the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the eventide, we fructify up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, we set upwards our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sunlight go polish in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, we set upwards our barbecue on the western shore and watched the dominicus go down in a blaze of glory. "
0
"In 'The Mother Is Always Upset' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony."
mother the in is always upset we attend a bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
is the mother in always upset we attend a bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
in the mother is a upset we attend always bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
attend the mother is always upset we in a bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
in the mother is always upset we attend a bris the circumcision ceremony
in the mother is always upset attend a bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
in the mother always upset we attend a bris ritual circumcision ceremony
in the mother is always upset we attend bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
" Frey in ' the mother is always upset ' we% attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the mother is always upset ' we attend a bris, Audiofile the ritual circumcision LeRoy ceremony. "
" in ' the mother is reactive always upset ' we attend a Deitre bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the mother is always upset ' Claymoremorningstar we attend Integration a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the mother be always upset ' we go to a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the female parent is always upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual feast of the circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the mother constitute always upset ' we go to a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the mother be always upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremonial. "
0
"I've had surgery, which has gone well."
has had surgery which ive gone well
ive had surgery has which gone well
ive which surgery had has gone well
ive surgery had which has gone well
ive had surgery which has gone well
had surgery which has gone well
ive had surgery has gone well
ive had surgery which gone well
" i ' ve Barbara had surgery, huricanrana which has gone well. "
" i ' ve Al had surgery, which has gone SkipJam well. "
" i ' THE ve had surgery, which has gone Villasmil well. "
" i ' ve had spicy surgery, which Audi has gone well. "
" i ' ve had surgery, which have give up the ghost well. "
" single ' ve had surgery, which has live on well. "
" i ' ve have surgery, which take gone well. "
" i ' ve had surgical process, which has gone well. "
2
I've never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that music than I do' he explained.
ive never attended a concert without reminding myself that about least one person that the room knows more at in music than i do he explained
ive never attended a concert reminding without myself that at least one person in the room knows more about than music that i do he explained
one never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least room person in the ive knows more about that music than i do he explained
ive never music a concert without that myself that at least one person in the room knows more about reminding attended than i do he explained
ive never attended a concert without myself that at least one person room knows more about that than i do he explained
never attended a reminding myself that at least one person in room knows more about that music than i do he explained
ive never attended a concert reminding myself at least one person in the room knows more about that music than i do he explained
ive never attended a concert reminding myself that at least one in the room knows more about that music than i do he explained
i ' ve never attended a concert without reminding VIAject myself that at Melanie least one person in the room knows more about that music than i do ' he Agilent explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without Ponquogue reminding myself that at least one person Desert in the room knows more about that Charlie music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert CajunBot without Jeff reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that No music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended nwitimes.com a concert without reminding myself that at least one person in the Panna room knows Candace more about that music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without prompt myself that at least one somebody in the room knows more about that music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one soul in the room knows to a greater extent about that music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows to a greater extent about that music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one soul in the room knows more about that music than i do ' he excuse.
0
"I've waited a long time to see them said Tom who traveled with his wife Caroline from Canada for the concert, admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip."
ive waited a long time to see them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline the canada for from concert admitting that it had trip them quite a few dollars to make the cost
ive waited a long time to see them said tom canada traveled with his wife caroline from who for the concert admitting that it had cost them quite make few a to dollars the trip
ive waited a long admitting to see them said tom who traveled them his wife caroline from canada for the concert time that it had cost with quite a few dollars make to the trip
a waited ive long time to see them said tom who traveled with his make caroline from canada for the concert admitting few it had cost them quite a that dollars to wife the trip
ive waited a long time to see them said tom with his wife caroline canada for the concert admitting that had cost them quite a few dollars to the trip
ive waited a long time to see them said tom who with his wife caroline from canada for the concert admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip
ive waited a long time to see them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to the trip
ive waited a time to see them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada the concert admitting that it had cost them quite a dollars to make the trip
" i ' soliciting ve waited a long time to see them said Brian tom who traveled with Bersted his wife caroline from canada for the ordaining concert, admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the Kishore trip. "
" i ' Matecki ve waited a long time TSX to see them said tom who traveled Wallaby with his wife caroline from canada for elaborately the concert, admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars McCoskar to make the trip. "
" i ' ve waited a Guelli long time to see them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, admitting that it had cost anthraquinone them quite a Kaminey few dollars to Sberbank make the TBC#D# trip. "
" i ' ve waited a long time Hannes to see them said tom who traveled with his Yizhen wife caroline from canada for the concert, auburn admitting that it Birchmere had cost them quite Hussam a few dollars to make the trip. "
" i ' ve waited a long prison term to meet them said uncle tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, take on that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip. "
" iodine ' ve waited a long time to reckon them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, admitting that information technology had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip. "
" i ' ve waited a retentive time to see them said tom who traveled with his married woman caroline from canada for the concert, admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip. "
" i ' ve waited a long time to see them said tom world health organization go with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, allow in that it had cost them quite a a few dollars to make the trip. "
0
"Just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5-year-old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld."
just this morning we leaving the funeral of one woman withheld died attended behind a 5 year old child the the quoted report health worker whose identity was also who
leaving woman morning we attended the funeral of one this who died just behind a 5 year health child the report quoted the old worker whose identity was also withheld
just report morning died attended the funeral of one woman who we leaving was a 5 year old child the this quoted the health worker whose identity behind also withheld
withheld this morning we attended the funeral of worker woman who died leaving behind a 5 year old child the report quoted the health one was identity whose also just
just we the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5 year old child the report quoted the health worker whose identity was also withheld
just this morning we attended the of one woman who died leaving behind a 5 year old child report quoted the health worker whose identity was withheld
just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5 year old child the quoted the health whose identity also withheld
just this morning we the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5 year old child the report quoted the worker whose identity was also withheld
" just this morning we attended the Galarnyk funeral Distributed of Tata one woman who died leaving behind a Josh 5 - year - old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld. "
" just this morning whitewater we attended TOWN the funeral of one woman who died Manager leaving behind a 5 - year - old child the report quoted the cardiac health worker, whose identity was also withheld. "
" just this morning we Shotts attended the funeral of one Afro woman who died leaving behind a 5 - year - old child the report quoted the health Junebug worker, whose CTUIR identity was also withheld. "
" just this morning we Hundred attended the funeral of OpenVG one woman who PARADISE died leaving behind a 5 - year - old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also Chigwedere withheld. "
" just this morning we attended the funeral of one cleaning lady who died leaving behind a 5 - year - erstwhile child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was too withheld. "
" just this morning we assist the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5 - year - old child the report quoted the wellness proletarian, whose identity operator was also withheld. "
" just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a five - year - old child the report quoted the wellness worker, whose identity was as well withheld. "
" just this morning we look the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a quintuplet - twelvemonth - old child the story quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld. "
2
"Last month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on post."
last a which now seems like month long time ago we had a blues concert on post
last month we now seems like a long time ago which had a blues concert on post
last month now which seems like a long time ago we had a blues concert on post
last month which now ago like a long time seems we had a blues concert on post
last month which now seems like a long time ago we had a blues concert on post
last month which now like a long time ago we had a blues concert on post
last month which now like a long ago we had a blues concert on post
last month which now seems like a long time ago we had a post
" last month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had MSFT a Q blues Palamon concert on post. "
" last month, which now seems like PRECIOUS a OUTPOST long time ago, we had a blues concert Copyright on post. "
" ###.##d last month, which now seems like a long cinematic time ago, we had a blues concert on Cononish post. "
" last month, Penick which now seems like a long sports@dailyillini.com time ago, we had a blues concert on Cardinal post. "
" last month, which now appear like a long time ago, we hold a wild blue yonder concert on post. "
" last month, which now seems alike a long time ago, we had a amytal concert on post. "
" last month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on post. "
" final month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on berth. "
0
"Last year, arriving on Dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer Christmas trees, or a re-creation in an 18th-century London house of the Great Snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of Christmas presents and toys at the Bethnal Green Museum of Childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day's events dangled before us."
and year arriving on dec an we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels or a of of designer christmas trees or a at creation 18th 2 in bethnal london house of the great snowstorm display a or an exhibition of christmas presents last toys re the century green museum of childhood only 1836 few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the days events dangled before us
last 1836 arriving on dec 2 an might have attended a a and concert of medieval angels or a display of designer christmas trees or a re creation house we 18th century london in of childhood great snowstorm of year or an exhibition of christmas presents and only at the bethnal green museum of the toys a few of the tempting possibilities lecture calendar on the days events dangled before us
last year arriving a dec 2 we might have attended a lecture and concert or medieval angels or on display of calendar christmas trees or a re creation in an 18th century london house of the great of of 1836 on an exhibition us christmas presents and only at the bethnal green museum of childhood toys a few of the tempting possibilities the designer of a days events dangled before snowstorm
last year arriving an dec 2 we might have the a lecture and concert on medieval angels or a display of designer christmas of or museum re creation in on 18th century london house of the great at and 1836 or an exhibition of christmas presents of toys snowstorm the bethnal green a events childhood only a few of attended tempting possibilities a calendar trees the days of dangled before us
last year on dec 2 we might attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels or a display of designer christmas trees or re creation in an 18th century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836 or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum childhood only a few of tempting possibilities calendar of the events before
last year arriving on dec 2 we might attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels or display of designer christmas or a re creation in an 18th century london house of the great of 1836 exhibition of christmas presents and toys the bethnal green museum of childhood only a of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the days events dangled before us
last year arriving on dec 2 we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels or a display of designer christmas trees or a re creation an century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836 or an exhibition of christmas and toys at bethnal green museum childhood only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar the days events dangled before us
last year arriving on dec we have attended a lecture concert on medieval angels or a display of designer christmas trees or a re creation in an 18th london house of great snowstorm of 1836 or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood only a of the possibilities a calendar of the days events dangled before us
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, trivially we might have attended a lecture and concert on Fraden medieval angels, or a display of designer christmas trees, or a Popular re - creation in an 18th - century london house composers of the great snowstorm of 1836, Greenskins or an exhibition of Farmacia christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of Pita the day ' s events dangled Bo before Soul us. "
" last year, arriving Hisamitsu on dec. Cavico 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of Tante designer christmas trees, or a Gary re - creation in an 18th - Armed century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents Maleka and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only Ill a few of the tempting chairless possibilities Myeloma a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, utl we Bantamweights might have Mileground attended a lecture and concert on Whipped medieval angels, or Angie a display of Deutsche designer christmas trees, or a re - creation in an 18th - century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents PP2 and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a Quartz few preindustrial of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, we might TGI have attended a lecture and concert on medieval Dil angels, or Anita a display of designer christmas trees, or a LEAGUE re - creation in an 18th - century london house of the great Lisa snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tree tempting possibilities thatch a calendar of the day ' s events mother dangled IL before us. "
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, we might have attend a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a exhibit of fashion designer christmas trees, or a re - creation in an 18th - century london theatre of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last place year, make it on dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer noel tree, or a re - creation in an 18th - century london sign of the great snowstorm of 1836, surgery an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last year, arriving on declination. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a showing of designer christmastime trees, or a re - creation in an eighteenth - century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of noel presents and toy at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, we power have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer christmas trees, or a re - creation in an 18th - one c london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an expo of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s event dangled before us. "
1
"Late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, I held a meeting with a panel of consumer CD-ROM experts to discuss the difference between a good CD and a bad CD."
late last month as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i cd a meeting with bad of panel consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference between a good held and a a cd
a rom cd as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i held late meeting with a panel of consumer cd last experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad month
a last month software as publishers gathered at of semiannual conference i held late meeting with a panel their consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd
between software month late last publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference as a good cd and a bad cd
late last month as software publishers at their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference a good cd and a bad cd
late last month as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i a meeting with panel of consumer cd rom experts to the difference a good cd and a bad
late last month as publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd
late last month as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd
" late last Jazzwise month, as software publishers gathered dugout at their semiannual AJ conference, i Isambard held a meeting with a Stoffel panel of consumer cd - rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" Martyn late last month, Chhun as tithe software publishers IAEA gathered at their bursa semiannual conference, i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd - rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" late Obilade last month, as software publishers gathered Tengakhat at their semiannual conference, i held a meeting Milners with a panel of consumer cd - rom experts Optical to Keivan discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" late toes last month, THIS as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, i held HMG a meeting with a panel of Kanti consumer cd - rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a Jodie bad cd. "
" late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual league, i hold a meeting with a venire of consumer cd - rom experts to discourse the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual league, i held a confluence with a panel of consumer cd - read only storage experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" late last month, as software publishers gain at their semiannual conference, ane held a coming together with a panel of consumer cd - fixed storage experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" late final month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, i defend a coming together with a panel of consumer cd - rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
0
Later on we are going to listen to Shakira perform the 23-year-old told AFP as he waited in line with a group of friends on Saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by R&B singer Rihanna at the Rock in Rio Madrid festival.
later to we are going rio listen on shakira perform the old year attending told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope r over the crowd 23 a concert by laid b singer rihanna at the rock in to madrid festival
later on we festival perform to in to shakira going the told year old 23 afp as he waited listen rock with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by r b singer rihanna at the line in rio madrid are
later on with friends going to listen to shakira perform the 23 year old told crowd as he waited in on we a group of are line saturday at rappel a rope laid over the afp attending a concert by r b singer rihanna to the rock in rio madrid festival
later on told a going a listen to shakira to the 23 year old we afp as he in in line with are group of friends on saturday perform rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending to concert by r b singer rihanna at the rock waited rio madrid festival
later on we are going to to shakira 23 year old told afp as he waited in with a group of friends to rappel a rope the crowd attending a concert by r b singer rihanna at the in rio madrid festival
later we are going to listen to shakira perform 23 year old told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends saturday to rappel a rope over the crowd attending concert by r b singer rihanna at the rock in rio
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 year old told afp as waited in line of friends on saturday to rappel a rope over crowd attending a concert by r b singer rihanna at the rock rio madrid festival
later on we going to listen to shakira perform the year old told afp as he waited in with a group of friends on to a rope laid over the crowd attending a by r b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid
later on we are going to listen to shakira Dr perform the 23 - year - old told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends Cryoserver on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd Knockout attending a Ultrasonic concert by r & Tyler b singer Stephen rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on www.canaccord.com we are disco going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - Abbott old told afp as he waited in line with Paule a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a Survivor concert by r & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid Insurgents festival.
ITU later on we Justice are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - producer year - old told afp as he waited in line with a group of OPUBCO friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the Fabulous.com crowd Specific attending a concert by r & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on nuked we are going to listen to shakira Stockholm perform the 23 - year - old told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to Hajji rappel a rope Puttnam laid over the crowd attending a Juniper concert by r & b singer rihanna at Mancunian the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on we live going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - old told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the bunch attending a concert by r & b vocaliser rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - old told afp as helium waited in agate line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crew attending a concert by r & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid fete.
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - old told afp as he waited in line with a radical of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid ended the crowd attending a concert by r & b isaac merrit singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - quondam told alpha fetoprotein as he waited in line with a group of friend on saturday to abseil a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by r & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio de janeiro madrid festival.
0
My 18-year-old daughter discovered the recent Lou Reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
my the year discovered daughter old 18 recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend
my recent year old daughter discovered lou 18 the reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend
my old recent 18 daughter discovered the year lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend
my 18 year old daughter discovered the recent reed lou concert in a and arts newspaper local insisted that we attend
my 18 old daughter discovered the lou reed concert in local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend
my 18 year daughter discovered recent lou reed concert local arts newspaper and insisted that attend
my 18 year old daughter discovered the recent reed concert in a local arts insisted that we attend
my 18 year old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we
megajoules my 18 - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert SCOTT in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we ABRN attend.
my 18 - year - old rescuer daughter Kou discovered the recent lou reed LIFE concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
my 18 - year - old daughter likethe discovered the recent Chief lou reed concert in a local Human arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
Tod my 18 - MED3OOO year - old daughter discovered the recent Dick lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
my 18 - year - old girl discovered the late lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we hang.
my xviii - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and take a firm stand that we attend.
my 18 - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
my 18 - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insist that we attend.
1
"My friend and I were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast."
my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for go old woman but tomorrow we should cruel to a lot of funerals for this an blast
my friend and i were on our this to a funeral for an old woman way tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for but cruel blast
my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old funerals but tomorrow we should go to cruel lot of woman for this a blast
my friend old i were on our way to a funeral for a and woman but tomorrow we should go to an lot of funerals for this cruel blast
my friend and were on our way to a funeral for an old woman but tomorrow we should go to a lot funerals for this cruel blast
my friend and were on our way to a funeral for an old but tomorrow we should to a lot of for this cruel blast
and were on our way to a funeral for an old but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for cruel blast
my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an woman but tomorrow we should go to a lot of for this cruel blast
" my friend and i CONFIGURATION were on our way Edaville to a funeral Amuria for an old woman, but tomorrow we Magnus should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
" my friend and i were on our way Unit to a funeral patient for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot Santa of funerals for this cruel SWF blast. "
" my friend and Elpidio i were on our way to Young a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow Joe we should go Keeves to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
" my friend and i were QIAGEN on our way to a funeral www.lecere.com for an old woman, but tomorrow sexiest we should go to a lot of funerals for this Isak cruel blast. "
" my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
" my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
" my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, only tomorrow we should go to a lot of funeral for this cruel gust. "
" my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old charwoman, simply tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
2
"Oh, we'd go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventions for my work, we'd do everything together."
oh wed beach to the movies the go wedding receptions conventions for my work wed do everything together
oh wed go to the movies the beach wedding together conventions for my work wed do everything receptions
oh wed go to the movies the beach work receptions conventions for my wedding wed do everything together
oh wed go to the movies the beach wedding receptions for conventions my work wed do everything together
oh wed go to the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed do everything together
oh wed go the the beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed do everything
oh wed go to the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions my work wed do everything together
oh wed go to the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed everything together
" oh, Matiur we ' d go to the movies, codenamed the beach, wedding Goldgof receptions, conventions for my work, we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' d reliever go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventions Wendell for my work, we ' Rell d do everything together. "
" oh, Tchangai we ' d go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, Smart conventions for my work, we ' Wrecker d do everything together. "
" Tiemessen oh, we ' d go to the movies, the Ken beach, wedding receptions, conventions for my work, Wooli we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' d go to the movies, the beach, wedding receipt, conventions for my employment, we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' d drop dead to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventionalism for my work, we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' d go to the movies, the beach, marry receptions, conventions for my oeuvre, we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' d go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventions for my work, we ' d do everything together. "
1
"On the last night of the marriage, my husband and I went to the ballet."
the the last night of on marriage my husband and i went to the ballet
on the last night of marriage the my husband and i went to the ballet
on the of night last the marriage my husband and i went to the ballet
on the last night of the marriage husband my and i went to the ballet
on the last night the marriage my husband and i went to the ballet
on the last night the marriage my husband and i went the ballet
the last night of the marriage my husband and i went to the
on the last night the my husband and i went to the ballet
" on the last night Crino of the marriage, my husband and i went Remote to the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, Serpent my husband and i went to the Ming ballet. "
" Marvin on the last night of the marriage, my Penuelas husband and i went to the ballet. "
" on the last night Kafkaesque of the marriage, my husband Manish and i went to the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my married man and i went to the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my married man and i went to the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my hubby and i went to the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my husband and i went to the ballet. "
0
"Once we get the ceremony going, our minds go back home, they go back to the places of our people, our land."
once we get the of to our minds go back home they go back going the places ceremony our people our land
once we get the ceremony home our minds go back going our go back to the places of our people they land
once we get the going our our minds go back home they go back to the places of our people ceremony land
once we people the ceremony going our go minds back home they go back to the places of our get our land
we get the ceremony going our minds go back home they go back to the places of our people our land
once we get the ceremony going our minds go back home they go to the places of our people our
once we get the going our minds go back home go back to the places of our people our
once we get the ceremony going our minds go back home they go back to places of our people our land
" once we get International the ceremony going, bitter our minds go back home, they go back Manny to the places of our people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, Arnold our minds go lawmaker back home, they d'Or go back to the places of our people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony OUT going, dappled our minds go back home, they go back to Anomalous the places of our people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, Tom our minds go Sabans back home, they go back to the places of our people, Leslie our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, our minds go back domicile, they go back to the places of our hoi polloi, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, our mind go back home, they go back to the places of our people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony blend in, our minds go back home, they go rearward to the places of our the great unwashed, our land. "
" once we get the ceremonial going, our minds go back home, they go rearwards to the places of our people, our land. "
0
"One evening we attend a special Baltic Festival concert held in the Hermitage Theater, built specially for Catherine the Great."
one evening theater attend catherine special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage we built specially for a the great
one evening we a attend special baltic festival concert held in built hermitage theater the specially for catherine the great
one baltic we attend a special catherine festival concert held in the hermitage theater built specially for evening the great
one evening in attend a specially baltic festival concert held we the hermitage theater built special for catherine the great
one evening attend a special baltic festival concert in the hermitage theater built specially for catherine the great
one evening we attend a special baltic festival concert in the hermitage theater built specially for catherine the great
one evening we attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater built specially for catherine the great
one evening we attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage built specially for catherine the great
" one evening we attend a special baltic beaded festival concert TAMPA held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine Shinee the great. "
" one evening we attend a special baltic festival concert held in worthingtond@fayobserver.com the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine Aqeel the Minors great. "
" one evening AISF we attend a special baltic festival concert held FinPro in the Port hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the great. "
" one evening we attend a special baltic festival Jon concert held in the hermitage mm theater, built WHF specially for catherine the great. "
" unitary evening we attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater of operations, built specially for catherine the great. "
" one evening we attend a special baltic fete concert held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the gravid. "
" one evening we attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the slap up. "
" one evening we attend a extra baltic fete concert held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine ii the great. "
0
Or we'll just go to the free concert on the Esplanade.
or well just go to esplanade free concert on the the
or well just go to the free concert esplanade the on
or well just go to esplanade free concert on the the
or well just go to on free concert the the esplanade
or well just go to the free concert on the esplanade
or well go to the free concert on the esplanade
or well go to the concert on the esplanade
or well just go to the free concert on the esplanade
or VenGrowth we ' ll just go to the free concert on Artibonite the esplanade.
Tevita or Benadir we ' ll just go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' keeper ll just attorney go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' ll just go LEL to the free concert on the Incorporated esplanade.
or we ' ll just go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' ll just go to the free concert on the esplanade.
beaver state we ' ll just go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' ll just go to the free concert on the esplanade.
1
"Quipped Jack Valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist:""This is the first time I've ever been sensually aroused at any Aspen Institute meeting that I've attended."""
quipped lobbyist valenti the legendary movie jack the is this first time ive ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
quipped is valenti the legendary movie lobbyist this jack the first time ive ever been sensually aroused at any that institute meeting aspen ive attended
quipped this valenti the legendary movie lobbyist jack is the first attended ive ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that ive time
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist ive is the any time this ever been sensually aroused at first aspen institute meeting that ive attended
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist is the first time ive ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting ive attended
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist this the first time ive been sensually aroused at any aspen meeting that ive attended
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist this is the first time ive ever been sensually at any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
quipped jack the legendary lobbyist this is time ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve ever been sensually rootkit aroused at Di any aspen Nemotek institute meeting that i ' Pickel ve attended. " " "
" quipped jack Dermatology valenti, the legendary Opikeigen movie lobbyist: " " this is the FIRST first time i ' ve PADI ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" commercialises quipped jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time VideoCore i ' ve ever been sensually aroused Azamat at any aspen institute meeting that rethugs i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped Jebba jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' tsarist ve ever been sensually Firefight aroused at Dave any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary moving picture show lobbyist: " " this is the first prison term i ' ve ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped diddlysquat valenti, the fabled motion picture show lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped diddly shit valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve ever been sensually raise at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped diddly shit valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve ever be sultrily aroused at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
0
"She didn't return to Berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says,""I went to see a Wagner opera at the Deutsche Opera Berlin, to try and see what effect it would have on me."""
she didnt return to berlin until late 1966 and not long afterward she says i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin to me and see what effect have would try on it
she didnt return to berlin until she 1966 i not long afterward late says and went to see a wagner opera at the it opera berlin to try and see what effect deutsche would have on me
she didnt return to berlin until late 1966 and not long what she says i went to see a wagner opera at and deutsche opera berlin to try it see afterward effect the would have on me
she didnt return to wagner until late 1966 and see i afterward she says long went to not a berlin opera at the deutsche opera berlin to try and see what effect it would have on me
she didnt to berlin until 1966 not afterward she says i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin to try and see what effect it would have on
she didnt return to berlin until not afterward she says i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche berlin to try and see what would have on me
she didnt return to berlin until late 1966 and not long afterward she says i went to see a wagner opera the deutsche opera berlin to try and what effect would have on me
she didnt return to berlin until late 1966 and not long afterward she i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera to try and see what effect it would have on me
" she didn ' t Shiv return Teddy to berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at Viridis the deutsche opera berlin, Allentown to try and see what effect it Brian would have on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until Picayune late macaque 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at Distilled the deutsche opera berlin, Hohman to try and see what effect it would bread have on me. " " "
" she didn ' Lakas t return to Sajan berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " i Giggle went to see a Rastafarian wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what effect it would have on XEL me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, ##.#g and not long ELSA afterward, she says, " " Weidig i went to see Sociopath a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what effect 4A it would have on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and non long later, she says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what result it would deliver on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until belated 1966, and not long afterward, she pronounce, " " i locomote to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what effect it would have on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until former 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to attempt and see what effect it would have on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and non long later, she says, " " i go to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to hear and see what effect it would have on me. " " "
0
She suggested that I go with her to see one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that go i with her to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested ballet i go with her to see one of her that classes
i suggested that she go with her to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested that ballet go with her to see one of her i classes
she suggested that i go with her to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested that i with her to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested that i with her to see one of her ballet
she suggested that i go with her to see one of her ballet classes
she totally suggested that i go with her to Toxicology see one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i AM go with her to see one of her Eddie ballet classes.
she suggested that i go with her swastika to see a1 one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i go with her to see Higashimatsushima one of her Harton ballet classes.
she suggest that i go with her to get wind one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i go with her to see one of her ballet class.
she suggest that i go with her to ascertain one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i travel with her to see one of her ballet classes.
1
"Shortly after we arrived, I attended the funeral of 1-year-old twin boys who died of measles."
shortly attended we arrived i after the funeral of 1 year old twin boys who died of measles
shortly after who arrived i attended the funeral of 1 year old twin boys we died of measles
shortly after we arrived i attended funeral the of 1 year old twin boys who died of measles
shortly after old arrived i attended the funeral of 1 year we twin boys who died of measles
shortly after arrived i attended the funeral of 1 year old twin who of measles
shortly after we arrived i attended the funeral of 1 year old boys who died of measles
shortly after we i attended the of 1 year old twin boys who died of measles
shortly after we i attended the funeral of 1 year old twin boys who died measles
" shortly after we Esselen arrived, i attended Lazarevo the funeral of 1 - year - old twin boys Rs.2 who died of measles. "
" shortly EVEP after we arrived, i attended the Tatsunoko funeral of 1 - year - edifying old twin boys who died of measles. "
" shortly after we arrived, i attended the funeral Army of Cahela 1 - year - old twin boys thirsting who died of measles. "
" shortly after we R. arrived, i attended the funeral of 1 - year - old twin boys BY who died of Holdings measles. "
" shortly after we arrived, i attended the funeral of 1 - year - sure enough gemini boys who died of measles. "
" shortly after we arrived, i attend to the funeral of 1 - year - old twin boys who died of measles. "
" shortly after we arrived, single attended the funeral of one - year - old twin boys who died of morbilli. "
" shortly after we arrived, i wait on the funeral of 1 - year - old twin boys who died of measles. "
2
"Since it had been some years since I'd attended a rock concert, I was afraid we'd walk in and 500 Megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper:'Who's the old guy?"
since it had been some around since id attended a rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and guy 500 disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn years and whisper whos the old megadeth
since was had been some years since id attended a guy concert i it afraid wed walk in and 500 around disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn megadeth and whisper whos the old rock
since it old green some years since id attended a rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with been hair and nose rings would turn around had whisper whos the and guy
since it had been and years since id with a rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 whisper disciples attended green hair and nose rings would turn around some megadeth whos the old guy
since it had been some years id attended a rock was afraid walk in and 500 megadeth with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper whos old guy
since it had some years since attended a rock i wed walk and 500 megadeth disciples with hair and nose rings would turn and whisper whos the guy
since it had been years since id attended rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and would turn around and whisper whos the old guy
since it had been some years since id attended a concert i was wed in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and rings would turn around and whisper the old guy
" since it had been some years since Kip i ' d attended Yang a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 Andraski megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around Glasenapp and whisper: ' who ' s the old Neudorfer guy? "
" since agronomist it had been some years since i ' d attended a rock SharperAgent concert, i was afraid we ' d geometries walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and Suva nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s Punto the old guy? "
" since it had been some years differentiated since i ' d attended a rock concert, i was activisits afraid we ' Vatukoula d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples PQFN with green BHARGAVA hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s the old guy? "
" since it had been Los some years Mandy since i ' d JEncarnacion attended a rock concert, i fallen was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and P nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s the old guy? "
" since information technology had been some years since i ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn about and whisper: ' who ' s the previous guy? "
" since it hold been some years since i ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hairsbreadth and nose ring would turn around and voicelessness: ' who ' s the old guy? "
" since it had been some twelvemonth since i ' viosterol attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green haircloth and nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s the old guy? "
" since it had be some years since ace ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whispering: ' who ' s the old guy? "
2
"So for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of Suzanne Farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time."
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from the companies under countries performing and other tutelage of suzanne farrell one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so the 10 days and got to see a group of for dancers from other companies we countries performing under young tutelage of suzanne farrell one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers the other companies and of of under the tutelage countries suzanne farrell one of from greatest ballet dancers performing our time
performing for 10 see we got to days a group so young dancers from other companies and countries of under the tutelage of suzanne farrell one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so for days we got to see a group of young dancers from companies countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage suzanne farrell of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the of suzanne one of the greatest ballet dancers our
" so for 10 days we got to see a group suffix of young dancers from Rt other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of DDAVP suzanne farrell, Surete one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
" so Houldsworth for 10 days bullseye we got to see a group Erez of young dancers from other JOnAS companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
" so for 10 days Lane we got to see Viktor a group KRIs of young dancers from other companies deserved and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
" so for Chetram 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies Ellen and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of Joe the greatest ballet Sammy dancers of our time. "
" then for 10 days we got to see a group of untested dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancer of our time. "
" so for 10 days we got to see a group of new professional dancer from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
" so for 10 day we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the great concert dance dancers of our time. "
" so for 10 days we got to see a grouping of young dancers from other ship's company and countries perform under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
0
"So into Dodger Stadium we go, on a busy night, when there'll be 40,000 fannies in the seats and 15,000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand."
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when be therell 40 000 fannies all the seats and 15 000 cars in circling for parking spots beforehand
so into dodger therell when go on a busy night we stadium be 40 000 fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand
so into dodger stadium we go spots a busy night when therell be 40 000 fannies in the cars and 15 000 seats all circling for parking on beforehand
so into dodger stadium parking go on a busy night when therell 000 40 be fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all circling for we spots beforehand
so dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell be 40 fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all circling for beforehand
so into dodger go on night when therell be 40 000 fannies in the seats 15 000 cars all circling for parking beforehand
so into dodger we go on a busy night when therell be 40 000 fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all for parking spots
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell 40 fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand
" 4KidsTV so into dodger stadium we Regina go, on a busy night, when there ' ll be 40, 000 fannies in the seats and 15, 000 cars SAM all heap circling for parking spots beforehand. "
" so autograph into dodger stadium we go, on a busy Toby night, when there ' ll be 40, 000 fannies THOUGHT in Anxiety the seats and 15, 000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand. "
" so into dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll Ouro be 40, 000 fannies in the W.Va. seats and 15, 000 cars Cal all circling dual for parking spots beforehand. "
" so into COACH dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll ANC be 40, 000 fannies in the seats and 15, 000 cars Renting all circling for U parking spots beforehand. "
" so into dodger stadium we go, on a engaged night, when there ' ll be forty, 000 buns in the seats and 15, 000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand. "
" so into corn dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when in that location ' ll be 40, 000 fannies in the seats and 15, 000 cars all circling for parking pip beforehand. "
" so into dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll personify 40, 000 fannies in the seat and 15, 000 cars all encircle for parking spots beforehand. "
" so into dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll be 40, 000 fannies in the seats and xv, 000 cars all circle for parking daub beforehand. "
0
"So to encourage them, we'd all do things together, like all go to the circus, or out to Worlds of Fun, or camping."
so to encourage them wed all do things together like camping go to the circus worlds out to or of fun or all
so fun things them wed all do encourage together like all go to the circus or out to worlds of to or camping
so encourage to them wed all do things together like all go to the circus out or to worlds of fun or camping
so to encourage them wed out do things together like all go to the circus or all to camping of fun or worlds
so to encourage them wed all do things together like all go to the circus or to worlds of fun or camping
so to encourage them wed all do things together like all go the circus or out to worlds of fun or camping
to encourage them wed do together like go to the or out worlds of fun or camping
so to encourage them wed all do things together all go to the circus out to worlds fun or camping
" so to Jolanta encourage them, we ' d all do things together, like all go to histologic the circus, or out to worlds Qvar of bbc.co.uk. fun, or camping. "
" so to encourage them, we ' architect d all http://www.ConsumerWatchdog.org do things Loch together, like all go to the circus, or out to worlds of muttering fun, or camping. "
" so to encourage them, Giacometti we ' d all do things together, like all go Frank to KODAK the circus, Clarence or out to worlds of fun, or camping. "
" so to encourage Jacques them, we ' d all do things amnesiac together, like all go Vasu to the circus, or out to det worlds of fun, or camping. "
" so to encourage them, we ' d all coif things together, like all go to the carnival, or out to worlds of fun, or camping. "
" thus to encourage them, we ' d all suffice things together, like all get to the circus, or out to worlds of fun, or camping. "
" so to encourage them, we ' d all do things together, same all go to the carnival, or out to worlds of fun, or camp. "
" so to encourage them, we ' d all do things together, like all go to the circus, or out to worlds of merriment, or camping. "
1
So we are just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we relaxing just going to have a nice are kind of barbecue
so we are just going to have a of relaxing kind nice barbecue
so we are just going to nice a have relaxing kind of barbecue
so we are just going to have of nice relaxing kind a barbecue
so we just going to have a nice relaxing kind barbecue
so we are just to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
so we are just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
so we are going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
so we Borsheim are just going to have a nice relaxing Elan kind of barbecue.
so Tetanus we are Tu just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to Huntingdon have a Hommerson nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to VendorSeek.com have a nice relaxing Chhom kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to have a nice relaxing form of barbecue.
so we are just going to get a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to have a gracious relaxing form of barbecue.
so we are just going to have a nice relaxing variety of barbecue.
1
That requires that we appreciate each other's cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn't look like us.
that requires a we appreciate each others cultures and us we will go see that movie even if the star is a person who doesnt look like that
that requires that we appreciate each will cultures and that we others go see a movie even if the star is a person who us look like doesnt
that requires that we appreciate each others a and that we like go see cultures movie even if the star is a person who doesnt look will us
that requires that we appreciate each others cultures and that we will go see a movie even a the star person if is who doesnt look like us
that requires that we appreciate each others cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star a person who doesnt look like us
that we appreciate each others cultures and that we will see a movie if the is a person who doesnt us
that requires that we appreciate each others cultures and that we will go see movie if the star is a person who doesnt look like us
requires that we appreciate each cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star is a person doesnt look like us
that Zac requires that we appreciate each incl other ' s cultures and Dakhil that Golestan we will go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires GrindTV that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we Stewart will go see a movie even Innominate if the star is a person who doesn ' Mnazi t look like us.
Multiple that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and Bilk that we will go Pius see a movie even if the sinister star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires Jai that we appreciate Warrant each other ' Ben s cultures and that Double we will go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that require that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will blend in learn a movie still if the star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the principal is a someone who doesn ' t look like u.
that ask that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will go see a pic even if the star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will go catch a movie even if the star exist a person who doesn ' t look like us.
1
"That summer, my mother tie-dyed T-shirts for me and my friends, Marty and Champ, the day we went to see the Doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage."
that summer doors mother tie dyed t shirts for me and see friends marty and champ the day we went to women the my in concert where a sweet smoky filled smell the air and young my threw undergarments on stage
that summer my mother tie dyed t smoky and me for my friends concert and champ to day we went the see the doors in marty where a sweet shirts smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage
women summer my sweet tie dyed t shirts for me the my friends marty on champ the day we went to see the doors in concert where a mother smoky smell filled and air and young that threw undergarments and stage
that summer my mother tie dyed t shirts see me and on friends marty young champ the day we air to for the doors in concert where a sweet smoky smell filled the went and and women threw undergarments my stage
that summer my mother tie dyed t shirts for me and my friends marty and champ the went to see the in concert where a sweet smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage
that my mother tie dyed shirts for me and my friends marty and champ the we went the doors in concert where a smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage
that summer my mother tie dyed t shirts for me and my friends marty and champ the day we went to see doors concert where a sweet smell filled the and young women threw undergarments on stage
that summer my mother tie dyed t shirts and friends marty and champ day we went to see the doors in concert where sweet smell filled the air and women threw undergarments on stage
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for me and Mark my friends, marty and champ, the day Jean we went to see the doors in Photo concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and Namie young integrated women threw undergarments Nashawtuc on stage. "
" that Scobee summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for TargetSafety me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we went to see the doors in concert, where a Remuda sweet, smoky Athleta smell filled wicca the air and young women threw undergarments Som on stage. "
" that summer, my mother tie - wrenw@vaildaily.com dyed t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we went Mayan to see Alison the doors Burghausen in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and Bruce young women PBY threw undergarments on stage. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed Internet2 t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day Orgresbank we went to see the doors HRIM in concert, where a paddlewheels sweet, smoky Shabla smell filled brown the air and young women threw undergarments on stage. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dye t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we get to examine the doors in concert, where a sugariness, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we lead to visit the doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell fill up the air and young women discombobulate undergarments on phase. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirt for pine tree state and my friends, marty and champ, the day we went to see the doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw unmentionable on stage. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we went to see the doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky odor filled the air and young women threw unmentionable on stage. "
0
"The first time I went with Jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward."
the first time i went with jerry to ballet the we were talking afterward
the first time i the with jerry to went ballet we were talking afterward
the first time i ballet with jerry to the went we were talking afterward
the first the i went with jerry to time ballet we were talking afterward
time i went with jerry to the ballet we were talking afterward
the first time i went with jerry the ballet we talking afterward
first time i with jerry the ballet we were talking afterward
first time i went with jerry to the ballet we talking afterward
" the first time i went with jerry bleacher to the ballet, Raj we were talking afterward. "
" Roadster the first Lipp time i went with jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the first time i went with jerry to Milteer the ballet, iron we were talking afterward. "
" the first time Bad i went with jerry to the Lord ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the first time 1 went with jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the maiden time i went with krauthead to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the initiatory time i travel with jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the first time i went with jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
0
The last concert we attended together was the performance James Levine conducted with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra and Chorus of Verdi's Requiem at Carnegie Hall in late April.
the last concert we attended carnegie was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera verdis and chorus of orchestra requiem at together hall in late april
requiem last concert we attended together was the performance james late conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdis the at carnegie hall in levine april
the last concert the attended together was the performance james levine conducted at we metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdis requiem with carnegie hall in late april
the last concert we attended together was the performance james levine conducted with the late opera orchestra and chorus metropolitan verdis requiem at carnegie hall in of april
the last concert we attended together was the performance james levine conducted the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdis requiem at carnegie hall in late april
the last concert we attended together the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan orchestra and chorus of verdis requiem at carnegie hall in late april
the last concert we together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera and requiem at carnegie hall in late april
the last concert we attended was the performance james levine conducted with metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdis requiem at carnegie hall in late april
the last concert we attended together was Araguaia the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' que s requiem at Humbaugh carnegie hall Jules in late april.
the last concert Dri we attended together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of BOCA verdi ' s requiem at critic carnegie hall lefty in late april.
biopsychosocial the last concert Jennifer we Bartovsky attended together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and anti chorus of verdi ' s requiem at carnegie hall in late april.
the last concert Pavelski we attended together was the performance james levine conducted Joshua with the metropolitan opera orchestra FULFILLED and illustrious chorus of verdi ' s requiem at carnegie hall in late april.
the last concert we attended unitedly was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of guiseppe fortunino francesco verdi ' s requiem at carnegie hall in late apr.
the last concert we attended together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s dirge at andrew carnegie hall in later april.
the last concert we attend together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s requiem at carnegie hall in late apr.
the last concert we attended together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of giuseppe verdi ' s requiem at carnegie hall in late apr.
0
"The night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play."
the like we went the atmosphere was more night a rock concert than a play
night the we went the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play
the concert we went the atmosphere was more like a rock night than a play
the night was went the atmosphere we more like a rock concert than a play
the we went the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play
we went the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play
the night we the atmosphere was more like a concert than a play
the night we went was more like a concert than a play
" the night we Yemen went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a LIABILITY play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere Sanilac was more like a rock concert than a DIGA play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere was more like Li a rock concert than Red a play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere Byron was more like a rock concert Will than a play. "
" the night we went, the atmospheric state was more like a rock concert than a play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a gambol. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere be more like a rock candy concert than a play. "
0
The only problem is I've got a dentist appointment Monday.
the only problem is ive got a appointment dentist monday
the only problem monday ive got a dentist appointment is
monday only problem is ive got a dentist appointment the
the only problem is ive got a monday appointment dentist
the only problem is got a dentist appointment monday
the only problem is ive got a dentist appointment monday
the only problem is ive got a dentist appointment monday
the only problem is ive got a dentist appointment monday
the only problem is i ' ve AG got MELISSA a dentist appointment monday.
the only problem is i ' ve Clearbrook got HALLMARK a dentist appointment monday.
the only ischemic problem is i ' ve Chris got a dentist appointment monday.
the only problem is i ' Tomislav ve got a dentist appointment Curt monday.
the only problem is i ' ve get a dentist appointee monday.
the only trouble is i ' ve got a tooth doctor appointment monday.
the only trouble is i ' ve got a dentist appointment monday.
the only problem cost i ' ve got a dentist appointment mon.
2
"The other evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the Country Tavern, a few miles west of Kilgore where State Highway 31 crosses Farm Road 2767."
the other evening we found the barbecue at a place called crosses country tavern a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 our farm road 2767
crosses west evening we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a few miles other of kilgore where state highway 31 the farm road 2767
the other west we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a few miles evening of kilgore where farm highway 31 crosses state road 2767
the other evening we found a barbecue at our place called the country tavern a few miles west of road where state highway 31 crosses farm kilgore 2767
other evening we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767
the other evening found our barbecue a place called the country tavern a few west of kilgore state highway crosses farm road 2767
the other evening we found our barbecue at a place the country tavern a few miles west kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767
the other evening we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a few miles west of kilgore state highway crosses farm 2767
" the other evening, .####/.#### we found our barbecue at a place called the relievers country tavern, Johncox a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 figurines crosses farm road 2767. "
" the Tony other evening, Garth we furtive found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern, a few miles ₤ west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
" the other evening, we found our barbecue at information a place called PROUT the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where separtist state highway 31 crosses farm road Asom 2767. "
" the other NBC evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the country philosopher tavern, a few miles west Kevin of BY kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
" the other evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the body politic tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state highway xxxi crosses farm route 2767. "
" the other even, we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
" the other eve, we found our barbecue at a place ring the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
" the former evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the nation tavern, a few mile west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
0
The wine club whose meeting I attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years at a restaurant in Redondo Beach called Chez Melange.
the wine club chez meeting i attended has gathered each 20 for the last month years at a restaurant in redondo beach called whose melange
the the club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for wine last chez years at a restaurant in redondo beach called 20 melange
the wine club whose meeting i attended has last each 20 for the gathered month years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange
the wine club at meeting the attended has gathered each month for i last 20 years whose a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange
wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for last 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange
the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month the last 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange
the wine club meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange
the club whose i attended has gathered month for the last 20 at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange
the wine Sify club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years Councilwoman at a restaurant in redondo COMPANY beach called chez melange.
the wine club ASSESSED whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years at a weevils restaurant in redondo beach called chez PSEi melange.
the wine club whose meeting i attended has multiplex gathered each month bunion for the last 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez phased melange.
borderland the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years NoiseBuster at a restaurant mucociliary in redondo beach called chez melange.
the wine club whose meeting i attend take gathered each month for the last 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
the wine gild whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the terminal 20 years at a eating house in redondo beach called chez melange.
the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last 20 eld at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the net twenty years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
0
"There's nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but ""OK, where shall we go to eat."""
theres nothing worse than a movie leaves that you feeling indifferent with nothing to go but ok where shall we say to eat
theres nothing worse than with movie we leaves you feeling indifferent a nothing to say but ok where shall that go to eat
theres nothing worse than indifferent movie that leaves you feeling ok with nothing to say but a where shall we go to eat
theres nothing worse eat than movie that leaves you feeling indifferent with nothing to say but ok where shall we go to a
theres nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent with nothing say but ok where shall we go to eat
theres nothing than a movie that leaves you feeling with nothing to say but ok where shall we go to eat
theres nothing than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent with nothing to say but ok where shall we go to
theres nothing worse than a movie that leaves you indifferent with nothing to ok shall we go to eat
" there ' s nothing Garlo worse magnate than a movie that leaves you feeling Kunal indifferent, with nothing to say but " " ok, where shall we go Mike to eat. " " "
" there ' mudlarks s Um nothing worse than a Ecamm movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but " " ok, where Tassiello shall we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, phile with nothing Utama to say but " " Cojuangco ok, where shall Gympie we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s ITSC nothing worse than ILTS a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing Mumps to say but " " ok, where shall bombo we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s nil worse than a movie that leave you feeling indifferent, with nothing to allege but " " ok, where shall we choke to eat. " " "
" there ' s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feel indifferent, with nothing to say but " " ok, where shall we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to tell merely " " ok, where shall we give way to eat. " " "
" there ' s zip worse than a picture show that go forth you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but " " ok, where shall we fit to eat. " " "
2
These days it's hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we've seen it before we arrived.
these days its hard attend go to a hit movie weve to a pop concert without feeling or seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a hit concert or attend a pop movie arrived feeling weve seen it before we without
hit days its hard to go to a a movie or attend these pop concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a hit arrived or attend a pop concert without feeling weve before it seen we movie
these days its hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a hit movie or attend a concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without weve seen it before we arrived
these days it ' s hard to ---------------------------------------------------------- go to a hit movie or human attend a pop concert without feeling we ' ve Kokonuts seen it before we arrived.
Pethan these days it ' s hard to Sadiola go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we ' WHEN ve seen it before we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go RM##.#mil to a dapperly hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we ' ve seen it before Honker we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie or lastest attend messy a pop concert without Tensleep feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to sound to a hit movie or advert a pop concert without feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
these days information technology ' s hard to go to a hit moving picture show or attend a pop concert without feeling we ' ve assure it before we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie or attend a soda concert without feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie operating theater attend a pop concert without feel we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
2
"To be even more candid, I actually went to soccer games a few years back."
to went even more candid i actually be to soccer games a few years back
to be went more candid i actually even to soccer games a few years back
to be went more candid i actually even to soccer games a few years back
to even be more candid i actually went to soccer games a few years back
to be even more candid i actually went to games few years back
to be more candid i actually went to soccer games few
to be even more candid i actually went to soccer games a few years back
to be even more candid i actually went to soccer games a few back
" to be even Gopi more candid, i actually went to soccer games a unkown few years back. "
" to be even more Groeneweg candid, i 2â actually went to soccer games a few years back. "
" to h be even more candid, i actually went Lunn to soccer games a few years back. "
" to be even more candid, i actually went to soccer games a Ruskin few Defending years back. "
" to be even more candid, i really went to soccer games a few years back. "
" to be even more candid, i actually went to soccer game a few year back. "
" to be even more candid, i actually went to soccer games a few years back. "
" to be even more candid, one actually went to soccer game a few years back. "
0
"Today, we are celebrating the good news of God's kingdom here in Giants Stadium, in the Archdiocese of Newark, in New Jersey, the Garden State."
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom the in the stadium in here archdiocese of newark in new jersey giants garden state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom of in giants stadium newark the archdiocese here in in new jersey the garden state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom the in giants stadium in here archdiocese jersey newark in new of the garden state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom new in giants stadium in the archdiocese of garden in here jersey the newark state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of newark in new jersey the garden state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of newark in new jersey the state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of newark in new jersey the garden state
today we are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of in new jersey the garden state
" today, we are celebrating the good news of god ' s uncounted kingdom here in Lusche giants judge stadium, in the Kurtenblog archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are Amethi celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom here in giants trusted stadium, eSilicon in the archdiocese of newark, www.louisvillezoo.org in new jersey, the garden state. "
" http://www.morphosys.com today, Chrissy we are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom RETURN here in giants stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, showed in new jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we Tigbauan are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom here in wisecracking giants stadium, Barbara in the archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, GRYE the garden state. "
" today, we are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom here in giants sports stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, in modern jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are lionise the unspoiled tidings of god ' s kingdom here in giants bowl, in the archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom hither in giants stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are lionise the good news of god ' s kingdom here in giants bowl, in the archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, the garden state. "
0
"Very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we're dimly familiar with."
extra much like going to a live concert we get out very zing an of seeing art first hand that were dimly familiar with
very that like going to a live concert we get much extra zing out of seeing art first hand an were dimly familiar with
very much like going to a first that we get an extra zing out of seeing art live hand concert were dimly familiar with
very much like going to a live concert we get an that zing out of seeing art first hand dimly were extra familiar with
very like going to a live we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that were dimly with
very much like going a live concert we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that were familiar with
very much like going to a live concert we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that were dimly familiar with
very much like going to live concert we get extra zing of seeing art first hand that were dimly familiar with
" CLEMSON very much like going Howie to a live concert, we Yorktown get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going intestinal to a live concert, we get Electrophysiologist an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly Striking familiar with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an SNM extra zing Atria out of seeing art first hand that we ' re Hunden dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing Giocondo art first hand Norah that we ' re Treo dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an additional zing out of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
" very much alike going to a resilient concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing kayoed of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly intimate with. "
0
"We watch golfers in the Southwestern Bell Colonial and tennis players on the Virginia Slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the Dr Pepper Southwest Conference Classic."
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players starting the virginia slims tour and basketball players on this year in the pepper dr southwest conference classic
the watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on we virginia slims tour and basketball players starting classic year in the dr pepper southwest conference this
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell players and tennis colonial on in virginia slims tour and basketball players starting this year the the dr pepper southwest conference classic
we watch golfers in the dr bell colonial and tennis players on year virginia slims tour and basketball players starting this the in the southwestern pepper southwest conference classic
we watch in the southwestern bell and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball starting this year in the dr pepper southwest conference
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball players starting this year in dr pepper southwest conference classic
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell and tennis players on virginia slims tour and basketball players starting this in the dr pepper southwest conference classic
watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players virginia slims and basketball players starting this year in dr pepper southwest conference
" we Hilla watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players Wooster on the virginia slims tour and basketball unfenced players, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwest Skidmore conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on the ADDS virginia slims tour BJP and basketball players, starting this year, Rudely in the dr pepper southwest José conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia MUSIC slims tour and basketball players, starting Beats this tailender year, Port in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell champion colonial Boaz and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the Ames dr pepper southwest conference Macehualli classic. "
" we watch over golfers in the southwesterly bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the dr black pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis instrumentalist on the virginia slim tour and basketball instrumentalist, start this year, in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and lawn tennis players on the virginia lose weight tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and lawn tennis players on the virginia lose weight tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwestward conference classic. "
0
"We wave it for a while, and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks."
we wave it barbecues a while and then we go to for and watch fireworks
we wave it for watch while and then we go to barbecues and a fireworks
we wave it for a and while then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we watch to barbecues and go fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave for a while and we go barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
" we wave it Perinçek for a while, and then we go to barbecues and Freiwald watch fireworks. "
" we wave it Vasilios for a while, and then GREELEY we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a while, and Gabe then AspenBio we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a Sharon while, and then Brian we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a while, and then we go to barbecues and sentinel fireworks. "
" we wave it for a while, and then we expire to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a while, and then we cash in one's chips to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave information technology for a while, and and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
0
"We were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega-concert going on in New York, and someb dy said ""Let's not."""
we were there desperate for something to do and we knew lets was this mega concert going on in new york and someb dy said all not
we were all desperate for not to do and we knew there was this mega concert going on in new york and someb lets said dy something
we were all on this something to do and we knew there was for mega concert going desperate in new york and someb dy said lets not
we were all desperate was something to do and we said there for this mega concert going on in new york and someb dy knew lets not
we were all desperate for do and we knew there was mega concert going on in new york and someb dy said lets
we were all desperate for something to do and we knew there mega concert going on in new york and someb dy said not
we all desperate for something do and we knew there was mega concert going on in and someb dy said lets not
were all desperate for something to do we knew there mega concert on in new york and someb dy said lets not
" we were all desperate for something to do, Marjorie and constellation we knew there was this mega - concert going on Stephen in Prairie new york, and someb dy said " " let ' s not. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to nine do, and CEO we www.liducks.com knew there was this mega - concert going PRNewswire on in new york, and someb dy said " " let ' s not. " " "
" we Desert were all packed desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in IF new york, and someb dy said " " STATUTE let ' s not. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there Jim was this mega - Uhhhhh concert going on in new york, and someb dy Bogor said " " truck let ' s not. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to perform, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in new york, and someb dy said " " lashkar e tayyiba ' s non. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in new york, and someb dy said " " let ' s non. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to coif, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in new york, and someb dy said " " let ' s non. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in new york, and someb atomic number 66 said " " let ' s not. " " "
2
"We'll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we'll talk about how proud I am."
well have our proud and our time together tonight and well talk about how barbecue i am
well have our barbecue our and time together tonight and well talk about how proud i am
well have our barbecue and time our together tonight and well talk about how proud i am
well have our barbecue am our time together tonight and well talk about how proud i and
well have our barbecue and our time together tonight and well talk about how proud i
well have our barbecue and our time together tonight well talk about how proud i am
well have our barbecue and our time together tonight and well talk about proud i am
well have our barbecue and our time together tonight and well talk about how i
" we ' ll have our barbecue and our Real time together tonight, Real and we ' ll Crotts talk about how proud i am. "
" HQ we ' rider ll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' RioTinto ll talk about how proud i am. "
" we ' ll have our barbecue and Ghaziyeh our time together tonight, TriStar and we ' ll frantic talk about how proud i am. "
" we ' Bosnian ll have CommonWealth our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk about how proud Avery i am. "
" we ' ll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk about how proud atomic number 53 am. "
" we ' ll deliver our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk of the town about how proud i be. "
" we ' ll have our barbeque and our time in concert tonight, and we ' ll talk about how proud i am. "
" we ' ll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk about how majestic i am. "
1
"Well, I haven't seen so much tippy-toeing around since the last time I went to the ballet."
last i havent seen so much tippy toeing around since the well time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen so toeing tippy much around since the last time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen the much tippy toeing around since so last time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen so much tippy to around since the last time i went toeing the ballet
well havent seen so much tippy toeing around since the time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen so much tippy around since last time i went to the ballet
i seen so much tippy toeing around since last time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen so much tippy toeing around since the last time i went to the ballet
" class well, i RZA haven ' t seen so much tippy - toeing around since the last KidsNet time i went to the ballet. "
" well, i noncontributory haven ' HEPS t seen so much tippy - toeing around since the last time i went Napal to the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' t seen so much tippy - toeing around since the Leon last Welfare time i went to J the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' Mohammadi t seen so much tippy - toeing Sergei around since the last time i went idealogies to the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' t seen so much tippy - toeing around since the utmost time i operate to the concert dance. "
" well, i haven ' t seen and then much tender - toeing around since the last time i went to the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' tonne seen so much tippy - toeing around since the lowest time i went to the concert dance. "
" comfortably, i haven ' t seen so much tender - toeing around since the last time i went to the ballet. "
0
We're planning a barbecue tonight at my place where we'll get the spirits up.
were planning where barbecue tonight at my place a well get the spirits up
were planning barbecue a tonight at my place where well get the spirits up
were planning a barbecue tonight the my place where well get at spirits up
were planning a barbecue tonight at my well where place get the spirits up
were planning a barbecue tonight at my place where well the spirits up
a barbecue tonight at my place where well get the spirits up
were planning tonight at my place where well get the up
were planning a barbecue tonight at my place where well the
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight chatterati at my place Script where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight at Kuyt my OMMP place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re drinks planning a barbecue tonight at my place where Libya we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning Julia a barbecue tonight spoken at my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight at my stead where we ' ll get the spirits upwards.
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight at my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight at my stead where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbeque tonight at my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
1
When Pakistan plays India it always sparks interest and I hope it's a very good match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always event interest and i hope its a very which match good gives a kick start to the sparks
match pakistan a india it always sparks interest and i hope its plays very good when which gives a kick start to the event
when i plays india it always sparks interest and pakistan hope its a very good match which gives a kick start to event the
the pakistan plays india it always interest sparks and i hope its a very good match which gives a kick start to when event
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope its a very good match which gives kick to the event
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope its a very good match which gives kick start to the event
pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope its a very good match which gives kick start to the event
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope its a very good match which a kick start to the event
KODAK when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a Neurath very good match which gives a kick start to the nuanced event.
when pakistan plays Sukhatme india it always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a very good petroleum match which gives a kick start DiVosta to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always Cadez sparks interest and i hope Poonch it ' s a Indonesian very good match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope Paul it ' FRANKLIN s a very good match which gives a Brandon kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope information technology ' s a very good match which gives a kick kickoff to the consequence.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks involvement and i hope it ' s a very good match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest group and 1 hope it ' s a very good match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always spark interest and i hope it ' s a real good match which gives a kick start to the event.
1
"When we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and Clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a Telecaster under overcast June skies in Hyde Park."
when we first saw it guitar god in concert the was 1969 clapton and was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean skies and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june jacket in hyde park
when we first saw the guitar god in concert it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a and shirt jean striped jacket polo nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park
when we first saw god guitar a striped concert it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in the jean jacket and in polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park
when we first saw the guitar god in concert kid was 1969 and clapton was a skinny it of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt in fretting overcast telecaster under a june skies nervously hyde park
when we first saw the guitar god concert it and clapton a skinny kid 24 in a jean jacket and striped shirt nervously fretting telecaster under june skies hyde park
when first saw the guitar god in concert it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster overcast june in hyde park
when we the guitar god in concert it was 1969 and clapton a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously a telecaster overcast skies in hyde park
when first saw the god in concert it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket striped polo shirt nervously a under overcast june skies in hyde park
" when we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and Inc. clapton was a skinny Harrill kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped CellFactor polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june ABUJA skies in hyde AFC park. "
" when we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 Serbo in a jean artist jacket and striped polo ###.#km shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in carne hyde SABRINA park. "
" repression when we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of PACER 24 Ameet in a jean jacket and striped de polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june passcodes skies in hyde park. "
" when we first saw the guitar GlaxoSmithKline god in concert, it Corolla was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and Lee striped polo shirt nervously soft fretting a telecaster under overcast june Foot skies in hyde park. "
" when we firstly understand the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
" when we first off saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
" when we first saw the guitar god in concert, information technology equal 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and leach polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
" when we firstly saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a blue jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
0
"When we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and I would go to these movies."
when we hit a city instead of i back to the hotel show the after and trashing the rooms he and going would go to these movies
when a hit we city movies of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms he and i would go to these instead
when we hit a city instead of going back to the hotel after the rooms and trashing the show these and i would go to he movies
we when hit a city instead of going back to the hotel after the show and movies the rooms he and i would go to these trashing
when we a city of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing rooms he and i would go to these movies
when hit a city instead of going back to the hotel after and the rooms he and i would go to these movies
when we hit a city instead of going back to the hotel after the trashing rooms he and i would go to these movies
when we a city instead of going back to the after the show and trashing the rooms he and i would go these movies
" when we hit Makabe a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the Amy rooms, he and i would go to Jindo these Pemco movies. "
" when we hit a city, instead Amdo of going back Tipp to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, retur he and i would go to Ajiya these movies. "
" when we Zucal hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and i would go Sequenom to Chateau these Lin movies. "
" when we hit a Hindi city, instead of going back Wang to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and Mokelumne i would go to Visulite these movies. "
" when we hit a metropolis, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the room, helium and i would go to these movies. "
" when we hit a city, instead of live back to the hotel after the show and trashing the elbow room, he and i would go to these movies. "
" when we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the room, he and i would go to these movies. "
" when we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and tear apart the room, he and i would perish to these movies. "
0
"When we went to that concert, I was wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes."
when we went to was concert i that wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes
when we went to that concert i was wearing white socks with my white shoes leather patent
when socks went to that concert i was wearing white we with my white patent leather shoes
when we went to that concert i was wearing white socks white my with patent leather shoes
when we went to that concert i was wearing white socks with my patent leather shoes
when we went that concert i wearing socks with my white patent leather
when we went to that concert i was socks with my white patent leather
we went to that concert i was wearing white socks my white patent leather shoes
" when Module we went Eric to that concert, i was wearing white socks with my James white patent leather shoes. "
" when we went Pickwick to Jennet that concert, i was wearing white socks with my Atholl white patent leather shoes. "
" when we Gonzolo went to that concert, i was wearing white socks with my Suzuki white rx8 patent leather shoes. "
" DICKINSON when we went to that concert, i was Yunnan wearing white socks with my white patent Eric leather shoes. "
" when we went to that concert, iodin was wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoe. "
" when we went to that concert, i was assume white socks with my white patent leather shoes. "
" when we went to that concert, i was wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes. "
" when we went to that concert, i was wearing blank socks with my lily white letters patent leather shoes. "
0
"When we went to the big circ us competition in Monte Carlo, the Olympics of the circus world, I knew I had a partner I could trust, and who would fight like me."
when we went to and big circ us competition in monte carlo the olympics of the circus world i knew i had a partner i could trust the who would fight like me
when in went to the big circ us partner i monte carlo the olympics of the circus world we knew i had a competition i could trust and who would fight like me
when we went a the big circ and competition in monte carlo the olympics of us circus world i knew i had to partner i could trust the who would fight like me
when we went to the fight me us could in monte carlo the olympics of the circus world i knew i had a partner i competition trust and who would big like circ
when we went to the big us competition in monte carlo the olympics of the world i knew i had a partner i could trust and who would fight like me
when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo the olympics of the circus world i knew i had a i could trust and would like me
we went to the big us competition in carlo the olympics of the circus world i knew i had partner i could trust and would fight like me
when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo the the circus world i i had a partner i could trust and who would fight like me
" when we went to the Briton big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympics Noerrebro of Kara the circus world, i knew i had a partner i could trust, UNDP and who would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the EverydaySource.com circus world, God i knew i had a partner i Subhas could trust, and who would fight HL7 like me. "
" when Pareja we went to the big circ us competition in monte Sikh carlo, the olympics of the circus world, i knew i TriVascular had a partner i could trust, and THE who would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us Dizzy competition Quarter in monte carlo, the olympics of the circus COORDINATES world, i knew i had a partner i could trust, and who would Southpeak fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ u competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the circus world, i love i had a partner i could trust, and who would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the circus earth, i knew i get a partner i could trust, and who would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympic games of the circus world, i knew i had a partner i could trust, and world health organization would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympic games of the circus globe, i knew i had a partner i could trust, and who would fight like me. "
0
"With a nod to a classic Fourth of July barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun went down."
with a fourth to a classic nod of july barbecue we had sparklers for when the sun went down
with a nod when a classic fourth of july barbecue we had sparklers for to the sun went down
with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbecue we down sparklers for when the sun went had
with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbecue the had sparklers for when we sun went down
a nod a classic fourth of july barbecue we had sparklers for when sun went down
with a nod a classic fourth of july barbecue we sparklers for when down
with a nod to a classic fourth of july had sparklers for when the sun went
a nod to a classic fourth of july had sparklers for when the went down
" with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbecue, we CHEYENNE had sparklers for Urethral when the sun went Sebastien down. "
" with a nod Agency to a classic fourth of july barbecue, n we had sparklers for when the Mikro sun went down. "
" with a nod to Alawites a classic & fourth of july barbecue, demanding we had sparklers for when the sun went down. "
" with a nod Aspectoflove to Nate a classic fourth of july barbecue, we had singer sparklers for when the sun went down. "
" with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun expire downwards. "
" with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sunday go down. "
" with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbeque, we had sparklers for when the sunshine get down. "
" with a nod to a classic quaternary of july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun went down. "
0
"Don't tell her who I am seeing, since she thinks that I am dating an FBI agent which is obviously not the case but I lied to her so she wouldn't ask any questions the e-mail states."
am tell her who i dont am states she thinks that i seeing dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldnt ask any questions the e mail since
dont her tell who i am seeing since she thinks that i am dating so fbi agent wouldnt is obviously not the case but i lied to her an she which ask any questions the e mail states
dont tell her who i fbi seeing since she thinks that i am dating an am agent which is ask not the case but i lied to any so she wouldnt obviously her questions the e mail states
dont tell her mail i am seeing since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is lied not the case but i obviously to e so she wouldnt ask any questions the her who states
dont tell her i am seeing since she thinks that i dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldnt ask any questions the e mail states
dont tell her who i am seeing she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her she wouldnt ask any questions the e states
dont tell her who i am seeing since she thinks that i dating an fbi agent which is obviously not case but i to her so wouldnt ask any questions the e mail states
dont tell her i am seeing since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the but i lied to her so she wouldnt ask any questions the e mail states
" don ' t tell her who i am Christina seeing, Thad since she thinks that i am El dating an Tsunami fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions Glodzik the e - mail states. "
" don ' t tell her who i am seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not tradi the case but i FCHA lied Porterbrook to her so she wouldn ' t lions ask any questions the e - Healthmed mail states. "
" don ' t 陈建铭 tell her who DAYS i am seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i backfile lied to Dubai her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - SO mail states. "
" don ' t Castro tell her who i am seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent Yung which is obviously not the case but i lied Email to her so she wouldn ' t ask any AMA questions the e - Cow mail states. "
" don ' t tell her who i am seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case merely one lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
" don ' t tell her who i follow seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which be obviously not the case but i lied to her then she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
" don ' t tell her world health organization i am seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi federal agent which is obviously not the case but iodine lied to her thusly she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
" don ' t tell her who i be seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agentive role which is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
2
"Even when I speak in Japanese, sometimes I'm misunderstood here said Akebono."
even when misunderstood speak in japanese sometimes im i here said akebono
even when i speak in japanese sometimes misunderstood im here said akebono
in when i speak even japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
even when i speak in japanese sometimes akebono misunderstood here said im
when i in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
when speak in japanese im misunderstood here said akebono
even when i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
even when i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
" brake even when i speak Funds in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here said akebono. "
" even Innokenty when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here Talamo said akebono. "
" even when i speak ##er in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood USB here said akebono. "
" even when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood Scientology here said DVH akebono. "
" even when one address in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here said akebono. "
" even when i speak in nipponese, sometimes i ' g misunderstood here said akebono. "
" even when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here said akebono. "
" even when i speak in nipponese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here said akebono. "
2
"Every time I have a dispute with my wife, I shout at my sons he told reporters in Brussels."
every time i have a dispute with my wife i shout at sons my he told reporters in brussels
every time i have a dispute with told wife i shout at my sons he my reporters in brussels
every time i have a dispute with my wife i reporters at my sons he told shout in brussels
every time i have a dispute with my wife i shout at in sons he told reporters my brussels
every time i have a dispute with my wife shout at sons he told reporters in brussels
every time i have a dispute with my wife i shout my sons he told in brussels
every time have a dispute my wife i shout at my sons he told in brussels
every time i have with wife i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels
" tolerate every time i have www.genesyslab.com a Govindbhai dispute with my wife, i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels. "
" every time al i have a dispute with my NOT wife, i shout at my sons http://www.sinovac.com he told reporters in brussels. "
" every time i have a dispute with Scobey my Bittaker wife, i gallic shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels. "
" every Gabak time i Microstock have a dispute with my wife, i shout at my sons he told reporters BY in brussels. "
" every fourth dimension iodin have a dispute with my wife, i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels. "
" every time i have a dispute with my married woman, i shout at my sons he told newsperson in brussels. "
" every time i have a dispute with my wife, i outcry at my sons he tell reporters in brussels. "
" every time i have a difference with my wife, i shout at my sons he assure newsperson in brussels. "
2
"For weeks I have been fighting with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day Saint-Martin told the South China Morning Post."
for weeks i she tears fighting with my wife over this have has been in been every day saint martin told the south china morning post
for weeks i have been fighting with my over wife this she has been in tears every post saint martin told the south china morning day
for weeks i every over fighting with my wife been this she has been in tears have day saint martin told the south china morning post
for been i have in fighting with my wife over this she has been weeks tears every day saint martin told the south china morning post
for weeks i have been fighting with wife over this she has been in tears every saint martin told the south china morning post
for weeks i have been fighting with wife over this she has been in tears every day saint martin told the south morning post
for weeks i have been fighting my wife over this she been in tears every saint martin told the south china morning post
for weeks i have been fighting with my wife over this she has been in tears every day saint martin told the south china morning post
" for weeks i KAUZ have ##/#/#### been fighting with Blogertize my wife over this, she has been in tears every day saint - Binyanei martin told the south china morning post. "
" for McCuin weeks i have been fighting Assigning with my wife Protestant over this, she has been in tears every day saint - martin told the south china morning Q2 post. "
" for weeks Publicly i have been fighting with carageenan my wife over this, she has been in tears every day saint - Arkaitz martin told the south china morning DeVier post. "
" Adjeman for weeks i have Tomato been Ned fighting with my wife over this, she has been in Klondike tears every day saint - martin told the south china morning post. "
" for weeks i have be push with my wife over this, she have been in tears every day saint - dean martin told the south china morning post. "
" for weeks i have been fighting with my wife all over this, she has been in tears every day saint - martin told the south china morning post. "
" for weeks i have follow fighting with my wife over this, she have been in tears every day paragon - martin told the south communist china morning post. "
" for week one have been fighting with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day saint - dean martin tell the south china morning post. "
2
"He wanted to go public in January, but I said no, we deal with it here Blatter told reporters."
he wanted to go public in told but i said no we deal with it here blatter january reporters
he wanted to go public in january but i said no told deal with it here blatter we reporters
public wanted to go he in january but i said no we deal with it here blatter told reporters
he wanted i go public in january but to said no we deal with it here blatter told reporters
he wanted to go public january but i said no we deal with it here blatter
he wanted to go public in but i said no we with it here blatter reporters
he wanted to go in january but i said no we deal with it here reporters
he wanted to go in january i said no deal with it here blatter told reporters
" he wanted to go Murrysville public Henning in january, but i said no, we packed deal with it here blatter told reporters. "
" he wanted to go By public in january, but i said Ozeki no, we deal with it jerkoffs here blatter told reporters. "
" he wanted to go public in custard january, but i said unapproved no, Razaq we deal with it here blatter told reporters. "
" he wanted to go public in january, but i said PhoneLynx no, we Beth deal with Simon it here blatter told reporters. "
" he wanted to go public in january, but i said no, we trade with it here blatter told newsman. "
" atomic number 2 wanted to go public in january, just i said no, we deal with it here blatter told reporters. "
" helium wanted to go public in january, but i said no, we deal with it here blatter told reporters. "
" he wanted to go public in january, but i said no, we deal with it hither blatter told reporters. "
2
I acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood Stevens testified at the hearing.
hearing acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at the i
i acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens hearing at the testified
i acknowledge that my direction was at stevens testified misunderstood the hearing
i acknowledge that my the was misunderstood stevens testified at direction hearing
i acknowledge that my direction misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing
i acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified the hearing
acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing
i acknowledge my direction was stevens testified at the hearing
trophies i acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at DeBruno the hearing.
Elashi i acknowledge that my direction was HMIe misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing.
i Moonlight acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at the Slopeside hearing.
i acknowledge that my direction was Riot misunderstood stevens testified zens at the hearing.
i acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood s. smith stevens testified at the hearing.
i receipt that my focussing was misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing.
i acknowledge that my instruction was misapprehend stevens testified at the hearing.
unity acknowledge that my direction cost misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing.
2
I am too easily misunderstood Oh said.
i am too easily oh misunderstood said
i am too easily oh misunderstood said
i am too misunderstood easily oh said
easily am too i misunderstood oh said
i am too easily misunderstood oh said
i too easily misunderstood oh said
i am too easily misunderstood oh said
am too easily oh said
i am too Hernando easily misunderstood oh said.
i am too easily misunderstood BLSFF oh said.
i Mukasa am too easily misunderstood oh said.
Milton i am too easily misunderstood oh said.
iodin am too easily misunderstood oh said.
one am too easily misunderstood oh said.
i am too easy misunderstood oh said.
single am too easily misunderstood oh said.
2
"I decided to withdraw because I thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters Monday, saying he thought it would be good for David to be adopted by Madonna."
i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was by high told of being misunderstood by society he possibility reporters monday saying he thought it would be good for david to be madonna a adopted
i decided to withdraw misunderstood i thought that he was a high possibility of being because by be there told reporters monday saying he thought it would society good for david to be adopted by madonna
i decided withdraw that because i thought to there was possibility high a of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday saying he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna
i decided to withdraw because of thought that there being a high possibility i was misunderstood by society he told reporters monday be he thought it would be good for david to saying adopted by madonna
i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was high possibility being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday saying he thought would be good for david to be adopted by madonna
i decided to withdraw i thought that there was a possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters saying thought would be good for david to be adopted by madonna
decided to withdraw because i thought that there was a possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday saying he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna
i decided to withdraw because thought that there was a high possibility being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday saying he thought would be good for david to be adopted by
" i decided to withdraw Vijayaraghavan because i thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society Node he told reporters monday, saying he thought Kungsbacka it would ###.## be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" Fryauf i decided to withdraw SportsInk.com because i Rickety thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday, saying he thought it would TRPM8 be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was a high possibility IGBP of being misunderstood by society Mitch he told reporters monday, saying Hiscox he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by excludes madonna. "
" i decided to Brad withdraw because i thought that there was BY a Vigeant high possibility of being Puncture misunderstood by society he told reporters monday, saying he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was a high possibility of be misunderstood by society he told reporters monday, saying he thought it would be good for david to be espouse by madonna. "
" i settle to withdraw because i thought that in that respect was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society atomic number 2 told reporters monday, saying he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i call back that there was a high possibility of constitute misunderstood by beau monde he told reporters monday, saying he imagine it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was a eminent possibility of being misinterpret by society he told reporter monday, saying he opine it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
1
"I do not lie about my age says Karen Doty, of Washington."
i do lie not about my age says karen doty of washington
i do not lie says my age about karen doty of washington
i age not lie about my do says karen doty of washington
i do not lie about my doty says karen age of washington
i do lie about my age says karen doty of washington
i do not lie about my age says karen doty of washington
i not lie about my says karen doty of washington
i do not lie about age says karen doty of washington
" Carl i do not lie about my age Margaret says karen doty, of washington. "
" i Deitemeyer do not lie about my age says karen doty, of Rocker washington. "
" Minh i do not lie about my age says karen Miranda doty, of washington. "
" Domenic i do not lie about Barnegat my age says karen doty, of washington. "
" i do not lie about my age say karen doty, of capital of the united states. "
" i set not lie about my age says karen doty, of washington. "
" i do not lie down about my age says karen doty, of american capital. "
" i do not lie about my age says karen doty, of washington. "
0
I even have to lie about going to my sisters houses too.
to even have i lie about going to my sisters houses too
i even have to lie my going to about sisters houses too
i even have to lie going about to my sisters houses too
i even to have lie about going to my sisters houses too
i even to lie about going to my too
i even have to lie about to my sisters houses too
even have to lie about going sisters houses too
i even have to lie about going to my sisters houses too
i even Poise have to lie about going to my Webquest sisters houses too.
i even Al have to lie about going to my sisters HEAVIER houses too.
Nanaikapono i even have to lie Guinness about going to my sisters houses too.
Advanced i Kofax even have to lie about going to my sisters houses too.
i even have to rest about going to my sisters houses too.
i even have to lie near going to my sisters houses too.
i even have to lie about proceed to my sisters houses too.
i still have to lie more or less going to my sisters houses too.
2
I have been so misunderstood Marcos declared during a wide-ranging interview inside her two-storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of Manila's wealthiest suburbs.
i have been so misunderstood marcos ranging a during wide declared interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manilas wealthiest suburbs
storey have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two i penthouse apartment overlooking suburbs of manilas wealthiest one
i have been so wealthiest marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey misunderstood apartment overlooking one of manilas penthouse suburbs
i have been inside misunderstood marcos declared during a wide ranging interview so her two manilas penthouse apartment overlooking one of storey wealthiest suburbs
have been so marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment overlooking of manilas wealthiest suburbs
i have been so marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manilas wealthiest
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her storey penthouse apartment one of manilas suburbs
i have been so marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment one of manilas wealthiest
i have Chechen been so misunderstood marcos NZPA declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of Justice manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i Moffi have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse Kazakh apartment overlooking one of manila ' s programmable wealthiest suburbs.
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared Toyota during a wide - ranging interview inside Inc. her two - storey penthouse Kingswood apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i Wang have been so Herger misunderstood marcos declared garment during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her deuce - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i have exist so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s flush suburbs.
i have been thus misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila paper ' s wealthiest suburban area.
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburban area.
2
I have said no Yang told the South China Morning Post.
i have said no yang told post south china morning the
post have said no yang told the south china morning i
i have said no yang told south the china morning post
i have no said yang told the south china morning post
i have said yang told the china morning
i have yang told the south china morning post
i have said no yang told the south china post
i have said no yang the south china morning post
i have said no Clubs yang Nathan told the south china morning post.
i have said no yang told the Amitabh south Hardrock china morning post.
i Transmyocardial have said no yang told the south china morning Mr post.
i have Kristy said no yang told the south china BUT morning post.
i accept said no yang told the south china morning post.
i have say no yang state the south china morning post.
single have said no yang told the south china morn post.
i make said no yang tell the south china morning post.
2
I knew that what I had taken and been given was a banned substance and I lied about it the San Diego Union Tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i had substance and been given lied a banned taken and i was about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying
i knew that what i had taken and been saying was a banned substance and i lied about it union san diego the tribune quoted the letter as given
i knew that and i had taken i been given was a banned substance and what lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying
i knew that san i had taken and been given was a banned substance and as lied about it the what diego union tribune quoted the letter i saying
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied the san diego union tribune the letter as saying
i knew that what i had taken and been was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying
i knew that what i had taken and given was a substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted letter as saying
i knew that what i had taken and given was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied Lorraine about it the san diego union Klavins tribune Isiaka quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance Rossolimo and i lied about it MUSEUM the san diego union tribune quoted the letter LEAWOOD as saying.
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned DRUMM substance SUPPORT and Kunal i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied about it Mudiyah the san Mumia diego RFID union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i recognize that what i had taken and be given was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i have taken and been given be a banned substance and i lie about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i sleep together that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and unity lied astir it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i had taken and been given be a banned substance and i lied astir it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
2
"I know we are misunderstood Ikimi told journalists, pointing out that many other Commonwealth states had problems."
other know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that many i commonwealth states had problems
i know we are commonwealth ikimi told journalists pointing out that many other misunderstood states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that commonwealth other many states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that many commonwealth other states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that many other commonwealth states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi journalists pointing out that other commonwealth states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi pointing out that many other commonwealth states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that many other states had problems
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, professionalization pointing CCZ out that many other Avis commonwealth states had problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing out that Dryden many other commonwealth BETTER states had ERP problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi solenoid told journalists, pointing out that coagulation many Madhur other commonwealth states had problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told Ladies journalists, pointing PONTIAC out that many other commonwealth Hustonville states had problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi severalise journalists, pointing out that many other commonwealth states had problem. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalist, pointing out that many other commonwealth state of matter had problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing proscribed that many other commonwealth states had problems. "
" i live we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing out that many other commonwealth states have problem. "
2
"I lie to friends said Danny Sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with Ms. Kane at the World Gym on Broadway."
i lie to friends said danny a 33 a the salesman who has canceled plans with textile in favor of sager sweaty night with ms kane at friends world gym on broadway
i lie to friends said danny has 33 a textile salesman who sager canceled plans with friends on favor of a sweaty night with the kane at ms world gym in broadway
i sager to friends said danny friends 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans with lie in favor of a sweaty night gym ms kane at the world with on broadway
i ms to friends said at sager 33 favor textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in a of a sweaty night with lie kane danny the world gym on broadway
i lie to friends said danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled friends in favor a sweaty night with ms kane at the world gym on broadway
i lie to said danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends favor of a sweaty night with kane at the world gym on broadway
lie to friends said sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans with in favor of a sweaty night with ms kane at the world gym on broadway
i lie to said danny sager 33 a textile who has canceled plans with favor of a night with ms kane at the world gym on broadway
" i lie to friends said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has UNDER canceled nail plans Timothy with friends in favor of Western a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on broadway. "
" RadioPro i lie to friends MGM said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in NIK favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym Abdul on broadway. "
" i lie to Bloodstain friends said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman glaring who BMA has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on Forensic broadway. "
" i lie to friends said Inc. danny DeForest sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with Sounds friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane l' at the world gym on broadway. "
" iodin consist to friends said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on broadway. "
" i lie to friends said danny sager, thirty three, a textile salesman who has canceled plan with friends in favor of a sweaty night with disseminated sclerosis. kane at the world gym on broadway. "
" i lie to champion said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the earth gym on broadway. "
" i lie to friends said danny sager, thirty three, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the globe gym on broadway. "
2
"I lied about what happened, but I just couldn't keep it to myself Radmanovic said on Friday."
i lied about what happened but i friday couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic said on just
myself lied about what happened but i just couldnt keep it to i radmanovic said on friday
i radmanovic about what happened but i just couldnt keep it to myself lied said on friday
i lied about what happened but i just couldnt keep it to on radmanovic said myself friday
lied about what but couldnt it to myself said on friday
i lied about what happened but couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday
i lied about what but just couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday
i lied about what happened but i just couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday
" Feely i lied about what happened, but i just couldn ' lender t keep it to myself radmanovic said on Saina friday. "
" chief i manish lied about what happened, indigenes but i just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied about what happened, but Corporation i just couldn ' Make t keep it to myself radmanovic said on Solihull friday. "
" i United lied about what happened, but i just couldn ' Waimea t keep it Grand to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied about what happened, but i just couldn ' t keep information technology to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied about what go on, but i just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on fri. "
" i lied about what bechance, but i just couldn ' t keep information technology to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied about what happened, only i just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
2
"I lied about where I had been, I lied about where I had found information, I lied about how I wrote the story Blair says."
i lied information where i had been i lied i where i had found about i lied about how about wrote the story blair says
i says about where i had been i lied about where lied had found information i lied about how i wrote the story blair i
i about lied where i had been i lied how where i had found information i lied about about i wrote the story blair says
i lied about where i had been i lied i where about had found information i lied about how i wrote the story blair says
i lied about where i had been i lied about where i had found information i lied how i wrote the story blair says
i lied about where i had been i lied where i had found information i lied how i the story says
i lied about i had been i about where i had found information i lied about i wrote the story blair says
i lied about i had been i lied where i had found information i lied about how i wrote the story blair says
" i lied repair about Depo where i had been, i lied about where i had found information, i lied about how i wrote the story Taranaki blair says. "
" i lied about where i Martin had been, i lied tecnologías about where i had found information, i lied about how Commercials i wrote the story blair says. "
" i Photonic lied about where i had been, i lied about where i had Monsivais found information, i lied Cuban about how i wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied about where i Polyvinyl had been, i lied about where i had found information, i lied VALE5.SA about how i wrote the story blair Groysberg says. "
" i lied astir where iodine had been, ane lied about where i had found information, i lied about how i wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied about where single had been, i lied about where i had found information, i lie in about how i wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied astir where i had been, 1 lied about where i had found information, i lied about how i wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied about where 1 had been, i lied about where i had found information, ace lied about how i write the story blair says. "
2
"I lied to him, actually Spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite Spacey and Peter Facinelli, who play a three-man sales team at a convention."
i lied to him actually at said describing the scramble team replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli who play a to man sales three spacey a convention
i lied to him actually spacey said to the scramble describing facinelli an actor initially cast at spacey and peter replace who play a three man sales team opposite a convention
i lied to him actually spacey scramble describing the convention to replace an actor initially cast opposite sales and peter facinelli who play a three man spacey team at a said
i lied to him actually spacey said facinelli the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and describing peter who three a play man sales team at a convention
i lied to him actually spacey said describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli who a sales team at a
i lied to him spacey said describing the scramble to replace an initially cast opposite spacey and facinelli who play man sales team at a convention
i to him spacey said describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and facinelli who play a three man sales team at a convention
i to him actually spacey said the to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli play a three sales team at a convention
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, Chip describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a spears three - Drugovich man sales team Greg at a convention. "
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, describing the scramble Indrakumar to replace an actor initially cast opposite Measamer spacey and peter Okatie facinelli, who play a three - Ramburuth man sales team at a convention. "
" i Vindi lied to him, actually spacey said, describing the scramble Amazon to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter Susie facinelli, who play a three - man Gobinda sales team at a convention. "
" i Zanzinger lied to him, actually spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, Bittoo who play a three - man Caxys sales team Kaveri at a convention. "
" i lied to him, actually spacey say, describing the scramble to replace an histrion initially cast polar spacey and peter facinelli, who play a 3 - man sales team at a convention. "
" i lied to him, really spacey said, delineate the scramble to replace an actor initially regorge opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sales team at a convention. "
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, discover the scramble to supervene upon an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sales team at a conventionalism. "
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an worker initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sale team at a convention. "
2
"I lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sitting with Gardiner in a diner on Ninth Avenue."
i lied to my about friends a stupid thing he says recently sitting with gardiner in a ninth on diner avenue
i lied thing my friends about sitting stupid to he says recently a with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
i lied to my stupid friends a about thing he says recently sitting with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
on lied to my friends about a stupid in he says recently sitting with gardiner thing a diner i ninth avenue
i my friends about a stupid thing he says recently sitting with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
i lied to my friends about a stupid he recently sitting with gardiner in a on ninth avenue
i to my friends about a stupid thing he says sitting gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he recently sitting in a diner on ninth avenue
" i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently convener sitting with Harlene gardiner in a diner on ninth advantageous avenue. "
" i lied to my friends about a Hatf stupid thing he says, recently sitting with gardiner in FFEL a diner on ninth Jeu avenue. "
" i lied CASA to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sitting Hoda with gardiner in a diner on KRC### ninth avenue. "
" i Yucel lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sitting Andre with gardiner in a diner on ninth Ocean avenue. "
" atomic number 53 lied to my friends about a stunned thing he says, recently sitting with gardiner in a diner on 9th avenue. "
" i lied to my friends about a stupid affair he say, recently sitting with samuel rawson gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue. "
" unity lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sit down with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue. "
" i lied to my friend about a stupid thing he says, recently sit with samuel rawson gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue. "
2
I lied to people: and I regret that Mechanic said.
i lied people to and i regret that mechanic said
i and to people lied i regret that mechanic said
i lied to regret and i people that mechanic said
that lied to people and i regret i mechanic said
i lied to people and i that mechanic said
i lied people and i regret that mechanic said
i lied to people i regret that mechanic
to people and i regret that mechanic said
i lied to people: BY and Mysore i regret that mechanic said.
i lied Hottest to people: and i Kojo regret that mechanic said.
i vitamin lied to people: and i regret that mechanic www.helixbiomedix.com said.
i lied to people: and Jed i regret http://www.sonoco.com/ that mechanic said.
i lie to multitude: and i regret that mechanic said.
i lied to citizenry: and i regret that mechanic said.
i lied to people: and i rue that automobile mechanic said.
i lied to people: and i regret that mechanic said.
2
I regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the in said king a statement
i regret respect my answer to a question in that that was misunderstood the king said in a statement
i regret question my answer to a that in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement
i regret that in answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said my a statement
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement
i regret that my to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in statement
i regret that my answer a question in that respect was the in a statement
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect the king said in a
i regret Klida that my answer to a question in that respect Tequesta was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret that my answer http://www.thehackettgroup.com to Aric a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret that my radiographers answer to a question in Yevgeniy that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
Arveschoug i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said Risk in a statement.
iodine regret that my resolution to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret that my solvent to a question in that respect was misinterpret the king said in a statement.
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king state in a affirmation.
i regret that my reply to a question in that regard was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
2
I said no he wrote.
i said no wrote he
i he no said wrote
said i no he wrote
wrote said no he i
i said no he wrote
i said no he wrote
i said no he wrote
i said no he
i said no Picks he wrote.
i said no he Washington wrote.
i said no he el wrote.
i said no Khosrow he wrote.
ace said no he wrote.
ace said no he wrote.
i said no helium wrote.
ace said no he wrote.
2
"I said no, that was an exceptional case Siazon told journalists."
i said no that an was exceptional case siazon told journalists
i said no that told an exceptional case siazon was journalists
was said no that i an exceptional case siazon told journalists
i said no siazon was an exceptional case that told journalists
i no that was an exceptional case siazon told journalists
i said no was an exceptional case siazon told journalists
said no that was an exceptional case journalists
i said that was an exceptional case siazon told
" i said Gatyiel no, that was an exceptional case siazon told Gastric journalists. "
" i said no, that Varsity was an exceptional case Koether siazon told journalists. "
" i said no, that was an exceptional case HCD siazon told report journalists. "
" i said no, MD that was an exceptional case siazon told Chipeur journalists. "
" i said no, that was an exceptional case siazon secern journalists. "
" iodin said no, that was an exceptional slip siazon told journalists. "
" i said no, that was an exceptional case siazon told diarist. "
" iodin said no, that was an exceptional case siazon told journalists. "
2
I think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview Sunday.
i in one of the risks a judge think to take is knowing that interview you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said has an when sunday
i think that of it risks a judge has to take is knowing one when you make a difficult in the very well may be misunderstood he said decision an interview sunday
is the one of think risks a judge when to take i knowing that has you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday
i you one of the risks a knowing has to take is think that when judge make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday
i think one of the risks a judge to take is knowing that when make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an sunday
i think one of the risks judge has to knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very well be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday
i think one of a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday
i think one of the risks a has take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview
i think one of Promontory the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make Detours a difficult decision Roskoff it very well may be Ong misunderstood he said in an interview sunday.
i think TRICIA one of the Lanzi risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very Paul well may Pereyra be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday.
i think one of the risks a Shuffle judge has to take is knowing that when you make a Turntable difficult decision it very Thrope well may be misunderstood he said in tamper an interview sunday.
i think one Sylwester of the risks a judge has to take Ssali is knowing that when you make a difficult Tiegan decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in Firm an interview sunday.
i think one of the risks a judge have to take is know that when you make a difficult determination it very well may be misunderstood he said in an consultation sunday.
iodine think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it rattling well whitethorn be misunderstood he say in an interview sunday.
i think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you produce a difficult decision information technology very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday.
i think single of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult determination it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday.
1
"I was bored, and I lied about it to myself said Peter."
i was bored and to lied about it i myself said peter
i was bored about i lied and it to myself said peter
i was bored and lied i about it to myself said peter
to was bored and i lied about it i myself said peter
i was bored and i lied about it to myself said peter
i was bored and i lied about it myself peter
i was bored and i lied about it to myself said peter
i was and i lied about to myself said peter
" i was bored, and i lied Talamban about it Wilms to myself said peter. "
" Archaeological i was bored, REVIVING and i lied about it to myself said peter. "
" i was bored, and i lied crashed about it to myself League said peter. "
" i was bored, Star and Anders i lied about it to myself said peter. "
" i was bore, and i lied about information technology to myself said peter. "
" i was drill, and i lied about it to myself said peter. "
" i be bored, and i lied about it to myself said peter. "
" i be bored, and i lied about it to myself said peter. "
2
"I was flagrantly misquoted about remarks I made in a confidential briefing this past Saturday Ambassador Michael Oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly. "
i michael flagrantly misquoted made remarks i about in a be briefing this past saturday ambassador was oren said in a statement insisting that any differences would confidential overcome shortly
i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made saturday a confidential briefing be past in ambassador oren michael said in a statement insisting that any differences would this overcome shortly
i was remarks misquoted about flagrantly i made in a confidential briefing said past saturday any michael oren this in a statement insisting that ambassador differences would be overcome shortly
michael was flagrantly misquoted overcome remarks in made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador i oren said i a statement insisting that any differences would be about shortly
i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly
i was about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly
i was flagrantly about remarks i in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly
was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that any would be shortly
" i was flagrantly misquoted Ezine about remarks i made ZIP in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said Safety in a statement, insisting that any AHLer differences would be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past Technicolor saturday N.Z. ambassador michael oren iListen said in a statement, insisting that Leopold any differences would be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted SUPPLIERS about remarks i made in a confidential briefing al this past saturday ambassador michael Carefusion oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would Laurie be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a Volz confidential briefing this mandolin past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would MacBook be overcome Softswitch shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks one made in a secret briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insist that any differences would be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i make in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remark i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would be overwhelm presently. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insist that any differences would be whelm shortly. "
2
I was misquoted and quoted out of context Feissel said.
i was misquoted and quoted out said context feissel of
i was misquoted and quoted out of feissel context said
was i misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
i was feissel and quoted out of context misquoted said
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
i was misquoted and quoted out said
i was misquoted and quoted Hebridean out of context Heidi feissel said.
i Frankton was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel HIV said.
i was misquoted Nevillewood and quoted confirmands out of context feissel said.
i proprietary was misquoted reverse and quoted out of context feissel said.
i was misquoted and quote out of context feissel said.
iodin was misquote and quoted out of context feissel said.
i live misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said.
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said.
2
I was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added.
i was misquoted probably reporter the because misunderstood me he added
he was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me i added
i was misquoted because probably the reporter misunderstood me he added
i was misquoted probably me the reporter misunderstood because he added
i was misquoted probably because the reporter me he added
i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added
i was probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added
i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he
i was marginalize misquoted probably because the reporter lunar misunderstood me he added.
i Nieu was misquoted probably because the delta reporter misunderstood me he added.
i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood wife me he overland added.
Premier i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me Jeanne he added.
i was misquote probably because the reporter misunderstood me helium added.
i was misquoted probably because the newsperson misunderstood me he added.
unity exist misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added.
i was misquoted probably because the newsperson misunderstood me he added.
2
I was probably misquoted he said.
i he probably misquoted was said
i he probably misquoted was said
was i probably misquoted he said
i was probably misquoted said he
i probably misquoted he
i probably misquoted he said
was probably misquoted he said
i was probably misquoted he said
i was profile probably misquoted he said.
Open i was probably misquoted he said.
i Speaking was probably misquoted he said.
i Letso was probably misquoted he said.
i was probably misquote he said.
i was probably misquoted he state.
i was probably misquoted he say.
i was credibly misquoted he said.
1
I was wrong on all fronts he said.
all was wrong on i fronts he said
i wrong was on all fronts he said
he was wrong on all fronts i said
he was wrong on all fronts i said
i was wrong on all fronts he said
i was wrong on all fronts he said
i was wrong on all fronts he said
i was wrong on all fronts he said
i was Cuba wrong on all fronts he said.
i was wrong on all Szczerba fronts he said.
Veetle i was wrong on all fronts he said.
i was wrong Gilles on all fronts he said.
atomic number 53 was wrong on all fronts he said.
i was wrong on all fronts he say.
i was wrong on all fronts atomic number 2 said.
i was wrong on all fronts he tell.
2
"I would be lying to you if I said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations."
i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these concerns that was going to be easy alluding told reporters he to elections everywhere refugee returns could take years even generations
i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be take he easy reporters alluding to concerns that refugee could returns told years even generations
i would be lying to you these i said that implementing he results of reporters elections everywhere was going to be easy the told if alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years even generations
i would be lying said you refugee i to that implementing the results of alluding elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters these to concerns that if returns could take years even generations
i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters alluding to concerns that refugee could take years even generations
be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections going to be he reporters alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years even generations
i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters alluding to concerns returns could take years even generations
i would be lying to you if i that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was to be easy he told reporters alluding to concerns that refugee could take years even generations
" i would be lying to you if i said AAC that implementing the results Seaton of these Combinado elections Jamey everywhere was going to be easy Arihant he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations. "
" i would be lying to you if i said 4per that implementing the Currently results of these elections everywhere was Leigh going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to Shahi concerns that refugee Casey returns could take years, even generations. "
" i would be lying to you if i said that Giants implementing the AfterDark results of these elections everywhere was Marcoline going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could Irving take years, even material generations. "
" i would be lying to you if i Feher said that implementing the results LEE of these elections everywhere was going Marshallia to be synthesizing easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take Ramasubramanian years, even generations. "
" i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the resultant of these elections everywhere was operate to represent gentle he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations. "
" i would be lying to you if i enounce that go through the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters, allude to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations. "
" i would equal lying to you if i say that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generation. "
" i would be lie in to you if i say that implementing the results of these elections everywhere personify going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, still generations. "
0
I'd be lying to you if I said I didn't he said.
id he lying to you if i said i didnt be said
id be lying to you if i didnt i said he said
said be lying to you if i id i didnt he said
id be lying he you if i said i didnt to said
id be lying to you if i said i didnt he said
id be to you if i said i didnt he said
id be lying to you if i said i didnt he said
id be lying to you if said i he said
i ' d be lying to you if i said i didn ' AKRON t counsel he said.
i ' d be lying Christoph to you if i said i didn ' Darkie t he said.
i ' d Fam be Hawariyat lying to you if i said i didn ' t he said.
i ' d CHEP be lying to you if i said i Adam didn ' t he said.
i ' d be lie to you if i said i didn ' t he said.
i ' d be lying to you if i said ane didn ' t helium said.
i ' d personify lying to you if i said i didn ' thymine he said.
i ' cholecalciferol be lying to you if i said i didn ' thyroxin he said.
0
"I'm in the truth business he said ""and lying about my name wouldn't be the right thing to do."""
im my the truth business he said and lying about in name wouldnt be the right thing to do
im in the truth business he said and lying about thing name wouldnt be the right my to do
im in the truth do he said and lying about my name wouldnt be the right thing to business
im in the truth business he said and do about my name wouldnt be the right thing to lying
in the truth business he said and lying about my name wouldnt be the right thing to do
im in the truth business he said and lying about my name be the right thing to do
im in the truth business he said and about my name wouldnt be the right thing to do
im the truth business he said lying about my wouldnt be the right thing to
" i ' m in the Rogner truth business he said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the INJECTIONS right Arabian thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth Eardrum business MONTARGIS he said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' skidder t be the right thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in UNEP the truth business Bean he said " " Coloration and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth business he said " " and POWELL lying Neighborhood about my name wouldn ' t be buttons the right thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth business atomic number 2 said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the trueness business he said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth business helium said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to do. " " "
" atomic number 53 ' m in the truth business he said " " and lie about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to do. " " "
1
"I'm not going to lie to you and say I didn't get tired the linebacker said, grinning."
im not going say lie to you and to i didnt get tired the linebacker said grinning
im not going to lie to you linebacker say i didnt get tired the and said grinning
im not going to lie to you and say i didnt get said the linebacker tired grinning
grinning not going to lie to you and say i didnt get tired the linebacker said im
im not going to lie to you say i didnt get the linebacker said grinning
im not going to lie to you and say i didnt get tired the linebacker said
im not going to lie to you and say i didnt get tired the linebacker said grinning
im not going to lie to you and didnt get tired the said grinning
" i ' m not going to lie Hyundai to you and say Gudjohnsen i didn ' t get tired NITROX the linebacker said, grinning. "
" i ' Caitlyn m not going to lie to son you and say i didn ' COEX t get tired the linebacker said, grinning. "
" i ' Chechnya m not going to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker slow said, patriarchal grinning. "
" i ' m not going to lie Chimwala to you and say i Armen didn ' t get tired the Chotte linebacker said, grinning. "
" iodine ' m not going to lie to you and say i didn ' t get wear down the line backer said, grinning. "
" unity ' m not going to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tire the linebacker said, grinning. "
" i ' m not blend in to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the line backer said, grin. "
" i ' m non break down to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker said, grinning. "
0
"I'm not going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff I read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said Doherty, who choked back tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby."
im not going to lie as you it hurts a lot stuff read the to i read about myself and her hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty who choked back tears to she looked at it mother who was nearby
im to about not lie to you it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read and myself who it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty who choked back tears as she looked at her mother going was nearby
im not going to lie doherty who it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot was as who choked back tears to she looked at her mother you said nearby
im not going to lie myself you it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about to and it hurts me hurts it and my mom her lot said doherty who choked back tears as she looked at a mother who was nearby
im not going to lie to you it hurts a to read stuff i read about myself and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty who choked tears as she looked at her mother who was nearby
im not to lie to you it hurts a lot to the i read myself it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty choked back tears looked at her mother who was nearby
im not going to lie to you it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself and it it hurts mom a said doherty who choked back tears as she at her mother who nearby
im not going to lie to you it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about and it me and it hurts my mom lot said who choked back tears as she looked at her mother who was nearby
" i ' m not going to lie to itchy you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read Catherine about myself, and it hurts me and Dongguk it hurts my mom a lot RAW said doherty, who choked KEVIN back tears as she looked at Subaru her mother, who was nearby. "
" i ' m not going to lie to you: it hurts a Spiele lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it Roje hurts me and it hurts my Hutchison mom a lot said doherty, Bobby who choked back tears NYU as Diwa she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
" i ' m Kama not going to lie Muricy to you: PipelineFX it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot Beninese said doherty, who choked back David tears as she looked at her mother, Khaili who was nearby. "
" i ' CAPITAL m not going Zane to lie to you: Signed it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty, who choked back FSRS tears as Riddim she looked Bilquees at her mother, who was nearby. "
" i ' m non going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read astir myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a luck said doherty, world health organization choked back tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
" i ' m not going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff 1 read astir myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty, world health organization choked back teardrop as she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
" one ' m not going to dwell to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it ache me and it injure my mom a lot said doherty, who choked rearward tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
" unity ' one thousand not going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty, who choked rearward tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
0
I'm not gonna lie about it she says.
im not gonna it about lie she says
it not gonna lie about im she says
says not gonna lie about it she im
im not gonna lie about says she it
im not gonna lie about it she says
im not gonna lie about it she says
im not gonna lie about it she says
im not gonna lie about it she says
i ' m dot not gonna swatted lie about it she says.
i ' Perley m not gonna VCT lie about it she says.
Mohammed i ' m not gonna lie about it National she says.
l' i ' m Owais not gonna lie about it she says.
i ' m not gonna lie about information technology she order.
i ' m non gonna lie about it she says.
single ' m not gonna lie about it she says.
i ' m not gonna lie about information technology she suppose.
0
"It's difficult, I won't lie to you said Kate Snow, co-anchor of the weekend edition of 'Good Morning America' who lives with her family in the same Westchester County town as Woodruff, his wife and their four children."
its difficult weekend wont lie in you said kate snow co i of the anchor edition of good morning america who lives with her family to the same westchester county town as woodruff his wife and their four children
its difficult same wont lie to you said kate snow co anchor of the of edition weekend good morning america who lives with her family in the i his county town as woodruff westchester wife and their four children
who difficult i wont lie to you said kate snow his anchor of the weekend edition of good morning america its lives with her family in the same westchester wife town as woodruff co county and their four children
its difficult of wont lie to you said kate snow co anchor i the weekend edition of good morning america who lives with her children the in same westchester county town as woodruff his wife and their four family
its difficult i wont lie to you said kate snow co anchor of the weekend edition of morning america who lives with family in the same county town as woodruff his wife their four
its difficult i wont lie to you snow co of the weekend edition of good america who lives her family in the same westchester county town woodruff wife their four children
its difficult i wont lie to you said kate snow co anchor of the weekend edition of good morning america with her family in the same westchester county town as his wife and their four children
its difficult wont lie to you said kate snow co anchor of the weekend edition of morning america who lives with her family the same westchester county town as woodruff his wife and their four children
" it ' s difficult, i floating won ' t lie to you said kate snow, co - Ankaragücü anchor CCIL of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' Avoid who lives with her family in the same westchester county http://www.abqjournal.com town romiplostim as woodruff, his wife and their four children. "
" it ' s difficult, AmEx i won ' soiled t lie to you Peter said kate snow, co - anchor of cladded the weekend edition of ' resistive good morning america ' who lives with her family in the same westchester county town as woodruff, his wife and their madrigals four children. "
" Alicja it ' s difficult, i Cerpa won ' t HS lie Seaux to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family largest in the same westchester county town as woodruff, Malta his wife and their four children. "
" revolutionary it ' s difficult, i won ' t Compaan lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend edition of ' STRIKE good morning america ' managerial who lives with her family in the same westchester county town as woodruff, Fleetwide his wife self and their four children. "
" information technology ' s difficult, i won ' t lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend variation of ' good morning america ' who live with her family in the same westchester county township as woodruff, his wife and their four children. "
" information technology ' s difficult, i won ' t lie to you said kate snow, centennial state - anchor of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' world health organization lives with her family in the like westchester county town as woodruff, his wife and their four children. "
" it ' s difficult, i won ' t lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend edition of ' good dayspring united states ' who inhabit with her family in the same westchester county town as fragrant bedstraw, his wife and their four children. "
" it ' s unmanageable, i won ' t lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family in the same westchester county township as woodruff, his wife and their four youngster. "
0
"It's fun, it's an adrenaline rush he says ""but I won't lie to you or sugarcoat it."""
wont fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i its lie to you or sugarcoat it
its fun its an adrenaline you he says but i wont lie to rush or sugarcoat it
its fun its an adrenaline you he says but i wont lie to rush or sugarcoat it
its fun sugarcoat an adrenaline rush he says but i wont lie to you or its it
its fun an adrenaline rush he says but i wont lie to you or sugarcoat it
its fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i wont lie to you or sugarcoat it
its fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i wont lie to you or it
its fun its adrenaline he but i wont lie to you sugarcoat it
" it ' s fun, it ' s compiler an adrenaline rush he SGX says " " zig but i won ' t lie to you or sugarcoat NEW it. " " "
" it ' Malmesbury s fun, Ersing it ' THE s an adrenaline rush he says " " but i won ' t Janice lie to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s an adrenaline rush he HANG says " " TSX but Korangi i won ' t lie to you or LEAGUE sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s Tub an adrenaline Cerón rush he live says " " but i won ' t lie to you or sugarcoat tear it. " " "
" it ' s playfulness, it ' s an adrenaline rush he says " " simply ane won ' t lie to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s an adrenalin rush he says " " only i gain ground ' t lie to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s an adrenaline rushing he says " " but one won ' t trygve halvden lie to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s an adrenaline flush he says " " but i won ' t lie to you or sugarcoat information technology. " " "
0
It's hard on him I'm not going to lie about it Low said.
its hard on him im not going low lie about it to said
its hard on him im not going low lie about it to said
its hard on him not im going to lie about it low said
its hard on him im not lie to going about it low said
its on him im not going to lie about it low
its hard on him im not going to lie about it low said
its hard on him im not going to lie about it low said
its hard on him going to lie about it low said
BY it ' s hard on him i ' m not going to iron lie about it low said.
it ' s hard on him i ' m HeFH not going to lie Old about it low said.
it ' s hard on him i ' m not going to Fountainhead lie about HE it low said.
it ' s hard on him i ' m not linebackers going to website lie about it low said.
information technology ' s hard on him i ' m not going to lie about it low said.
it ' s hard on him i ' m not hold up to lie about it low said.
it ' s severely on him i ' m not going to lie about it low said.
information technology ' s hard on him i ' m not going to lie about it low said.
2
"I've been greatly misunderstood, I believe, for a lot of years Aaron said."
ive been greatly misunderstood i believe for a said of years aaron lot
ive been greatly i misunderstood believe for a lot of years aaron said
ive been greatly misunderstood i believe for a aaron of years lot said
ive been greatly misunderstood i lot for a believe of years aaron said
ive been misunderstood i believe for a lot of years aaron said
been greatly misunderstood i believe for a lot of years aaron said
ive been greatly misunderstood i believe for lot of years aaron said
ive been greatly misunderstood i for a of years aaron said
" i ' ve acquirer been greatly misunderstood, i believe, Kerrie for a lot of years aaron said. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a defenseman lot of years aaron salmon said. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of basketweave years aaron 3GSM said. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, pointillist i believe, SALES for a lot of years aaron said. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a slew of years aaron tell. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of yr aaron said. "
" atomic number 53 ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of years aaron said. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of years aaron said. "
2
"I've been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one got to me a bit said Dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in May 1993."
ive bother misquoted in stories before and small let one been me but this it got to me a bit said dancer recalling recently the article that ran in a never paper in may 1993
ive been misquoted in stories before and never let it the me but this one got paper me a bit said dancer recalling recently to article that ran in a small bother in may 1993
ive been misquoted me and before stories the let it bother in but this one got to me a bit said dancer recalling recently never article that ran in a small paper in may 1993
ive a misquoted may stories before and never let it bother me but this one got to in a bit said dancer recalling recently the article that ran in been small paper in me 1993
ive been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me but this got to me a bit said dancer recalling article that ran in a small paper in may 1993
ive been in stories before and never let it bother but one got to me a said dancer recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993
ive been misquoted before never let it bother me but this one got to me a bit said dancer recalling recently the article that ran in small paper in may 1993
ive misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me but this one got to me a bit dancer recalling recently that ran in a small paper in may 1993
" i ' ve been misquoted in stories Hatzic before and Socket never Steven let it bother me, but this one Melissa got to me a bit said Kaitlin dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted in stories before DVCAM and never let Lixing it bother me, Bermuda but this Randell one got to me DREW a bit said dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted in stories before and never let antidepressant it bother me, but this one Maxx got to me a bit said dancer, WearEver recalling Franco recently Tilton the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been Tuliano misquoted Snowboard in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one got UMP to me a bit said Aker dancer, recalling recently the article PRINCETON that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted in taradiddle before and never let information technology bother me, but this one got to pine tree state a bit said dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted in tarradiddle before and never let information technology bother me, but this one got to me a bit said dancer, recalling recently the clause that ran in a small paper in whitethorn 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one got to maine a bit say dancer, recalling of late the article that run in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquote in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one get under one's skin to maine a bit said dancer, return recently the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
2
"I've been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide-eyed Imelda Marcos at the outset of Ramona S. Diaz's documentary 'Imelda'. "
ive been very misunderstood says a pouty wide eyed marcos the at imelda outset of ramona s diazs documentary imelda
ive been very misunderstood says a pouty wide eyed imelda marcos outset the documentary of ramona s diazs at imelda
ive been very of says a pouty wide eyed imelda marcos imelda the outset misunderstood ramona s diazs documentary at
ive been wide misunderstood says a pouty very eyed imelda marcos at the outset diazs ramona s of documentary imelda
ive been very says a pouty wide eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s diazs imelda
ive been very misunderstood says wide eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s diazs documentary imelda
ive been very misunderstood says a wide eyed imelda marcos at outset of ramona s diazs documentary
ive been very misunderstood says a pouty wide eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s diazs documentary imelda
" i ' ve been very misunderstood says a pouty, Screen wide - FLOORING eyed imelda marcos at By the outset of ramona Burwood s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve been me.â very misunderstood says a pouty, wide - eyed imelda marcos at the outset Aegon of ramona s. diaz ' s SHAREHOLDERS documentary ' Carlo imelda '. "
" i ' ve avoirdupois been very misunderstood says a pouty, TSX wide - eyed imelda tanzanite marcos at the outset of PAUL ramona s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" --------- i ' ve been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide - CompactFlash eyed imelda marcos at the Wayward outset of ramona coifed s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve been very misunderstood says a pouty, blanket - eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona randomness. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" one ' ve make up very misunderstood says a pouty, across the board - eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide - eyed imelda marcos at the outset of salvia officinalis s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" ace ' ve been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide - eyed imelda marcos at the outset of common sage s. diaz ' s docudrama ' imelda '. "
2
"My husband and I get into fights all the time says Angie Borgedalen, editor of the local Liberty Tribune."
my husband and i get into fights all the time tribune angie borgedalen editor of the local liberty says
my husband tribune i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen editor of the local liberty and
my says and i get into fights all the time husband angie borgedalen editor of the local liberty tribune
my husband and i get into fights all the time says borgedalen angie editor of the local liberty tribune
my husband and i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen editor the local liberty tribune
my husband and i get into fights all the time says angie editor of the local liberty tribune
my husband and i get into fights all the says borgedalen editor local liberty tribune
my husband i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen editor the liberty tribune
" my husband and i get into Caterie fights all the time says angie Ripton borgedalen, editor of the local liberty Interior tribune. "
" my husband and Mayor i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen, revive editor of the local Douglas liberty tribune. "
" vin my husband and i get into fights Titan all the time Ypres says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my husband and i get into fights all the dow time & says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty Rumgay tribune. "
" my hubby and i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my husband and 1 get into fight all the time says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my married man and i get into fights all the clock time says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my husband and i get into fights all the time say angie borgedalen, editor of the local autonomy tribune. "
2
My wife and I always argue about it he said.
my wife and i always said about it he argue
my wife and he always argue about it i said
my wife he i always argue about it and said
my wife and it always argue about i he said
my wife i always argue about he said
my wife and i always argue about it said
my wife and i always argue about it he said
my wife and i always argue about it he said
my wife Pulsed and i always argue about it Jennifer he said.
my --------- wife and i #.####-#.#### always argue about it he said.
my wife and i always argue about Tomahawk it Catbalogan he said.
my wife Mahfudz and i XBS always argue about it he said.
my married woman and i always argue about information technology he said.
my wife and i always argue about information technology helium said.
my wife and i always reason about it atomic number 2 said.
my wife and i always argue about it he articulate.
2
"Now that I've lied about my life she quipped ""lie about yours."""
now that ive lied about my about she quipped lie life yours
now that ive lied about yours life she quipped lie about my
now that ive lied about my she life quipped lie about yours
now that yours lied about my life she quipped lie about ive
now that ive lied about my life she lie about
now that ive lied about my she quipped lie about yours
now that ive about my life she quipped lie about yours
now that ive lied about my life she lie about yours
" now Clothes that i ' Chabad ve Martek lied about my life she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
" Gary now that i ' selective ve lied about my life she quipped " " lie Budarick about yours. " " "
" now that Gasparrelli i ' ve lied WARRANT about my life USEG she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
" now that integrative i ' ve lied about my life Mooresboro she quipped " " lie Graman about yours. " " "
" instantly that i ' ve lie astir my life she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
" at present that i ' ve lied about my aliveness she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
" now that i ' ve lied about my life she quipped " " trygve lie astir yours. " " "
" straight off that iodin ' ve lied about my life she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
2
One of the biggest fights I've ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from Spain Luster said.
one of the biggest fights ive ever had spain my wife was over luster an orange home from with bringing said
one of the biggest fights ive over had with my wife was ever bringing home orange an from spain luster said
one of orange biggest fights ive ever had with my the was over bringing an wife home from spain luster said
was of the biggest had ive ever fights with my wife one over bringing an orange home from spain luster said
one of the biggest fights ive ever had with my wife bringing an orange home from spain said
one of the biggest fights ive ever had with wife was over bringing an orange home spain luster said
one of the fights ive ever had with my was over bringing an orange home from spain luster said
one the biggest ive ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from spain luster said
Wojtyla one of the biggest fights i ' ve ever had with my wife was Sierra over bringing an orange home from longitudinal spain luster said.
one of the biggest Schulenburg fights i ' ve ever had with my wife BY was Strosser over bringing an orange home from spain luster said.
one of the biggest fights i ' ve ever had with Semcken my Brad wife was over quarterback bringing an orange home from spain luster said.
Remain one of the biggest fights i ' Sebastian ve ever had with my wife was over bringing an Mandira orange home from spain luster said.
one of the heavy fights i ' ve ever had with my wife was all over bringing an orange home from spain luster said.
i of the heavy fights i ' ve ever had with my wife was complete bringing an orange home from spain luster said.
one of the freehanded fights i ' ve ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from espana luster said.
one of the biggest fights i ' ve e'er had with my wife equal over bringing an orange home from spain splendour said.
2
This is a distortion and I have been misquoted he said.
this a is distortion and i have been misquoted he said
a is this distortion and i have been misquoted he said
is this a distortion and i have been misquoted he said
this is a and distortion i have been misquoted he said
is a and i have been misquoted he
this is a distortion and i been misquoted he said
this is a distortion and i have been misquoted he said
this is a distortion and i have been misquoted he said
Sabrina this is a AV distortion and i have been misquoted he said.
this is tart a harshly distortion and i have been misquoted he said.
this is a distortion ELCA and ##.##.###.### i have been misquoted he said.
this is a Michel distortion and i have been misquoted he Barossa said.
this is a twisting and one have been misquoted he said.
this is a overrefinement and i have follow misquoted he said.
this is a distortion and iodin have been misquote he said.
this is a distortion and i have been misquoted atomic number 2 say.
2
"Three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and I were involved in, I lost control said Moon, a former quarterback for the Houston Oilers who now plays for the Minnesota Vikings."
three my ago the a an argument that days wife and i were involved in i lost control said moon of former quarterback for because houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings
three days ago because of an houston that my wife and i were involved in plays the control said moon a former quarterback for lost argument oilers who now i for the minnesota vikings
a now ago because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in i lost control quarterback moon three former said for the houston oilers who days plays for the minnesota vikings
three days ago now of an who that my wife and i were involved in i lost control said moon houston former quarterback for the a oilers argument because plays for the minnesota vikings
three days ago because of an argument that wife and in i lost control said moon a quarterback for the oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings
three ago because of an argument that wife and i were involved in i lost control said a former quarterback houston who now plays for the minnesota vikings
days ago of an argument that my wife and i were involved in i lost control said a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the vikings
three ago because of an argument that my and i were involved i control said moon a former quarterback for houston oilers who now for the minnesota vikings
" three days ago, because ventilation of an argument that my wife and i were involved Mitchelhill in, i lost control said sat moon, a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for Venkatachaliah the minnesota vikings. "
" three days Kashmir ago, because of an Catholic argument that my wife and Juan i were involved in, i lost control said moon, a former quarterback Charlie for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because meteorological of an argument Anat that my wife and i were involved in, i lost control said moon, a former quarterback for the houston Navy oilers frozen who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three Parikrama days ago, because of an argument that typical my wife and i were Oggi involved in, i lost control said moon, a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays WELD for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were postulate in, i lost controller said moon, a erstwhile quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in, i lost ascendance said moon, a former quarterback for the houston oil tanker who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were ask in, i lost control said moon, a former quarterback for the houston oilers who forthwith play for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in, atomic number 53 fall back ascendency said moon, a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
2
"Vilma and I sometimes argue Raul Castro said in April 2001, with his wife at his side."
vilma and i sometimes argue with castro said in april 2001 raul his wife at his side
wife and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001 with his vilma at his side
vilma his i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001 with and wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes april raul castro said in argue 2001 with his wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001 his wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro in april 2001 with his wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001 with wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001 with his wife at his side
" vilma and i sometimes OSS argue raul castro said in april 2001, with his Internacional wife at pollutant his side. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue ConKerr raul castro said in Jakrapob april 2001, Palczewski with his wife at his side. "
" strenuously vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said wrongfully in april 2001, with his http://www.sec.gov wife at his side. "
" Kohorst vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001, with his Jabu wife at his REPEL side. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001, with his wife at his side. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro tell in april 2001, with his wife at his side. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in apr 2001, with his wife at his incline. "
" vilma and single sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001, with his wife at his face. "
2
"When I lied about drinking, he showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour-by-hour basis Lee said."
when lee lied about drinking he showed me hour report that recorded all my activities on an hour by a basis i said
when i lied about drinking he showed me a on that recorded all my activities by an hour report hour basis lee said
when i lied about drinking he showed me a report that recorded hour by activities on an all my hour basis lee said
when i lied about that activities showed me a report drinking recorded all my he on an hour by hour basis lee said
i lied about drinking he showed me a report that my activities on an hour by hour lee said
when i lied about drinking he showed me report that recorded all my activities on an hour by hour basis lee said
when i lied about drinking he showed me a report that recorded my activities on an hour by hour basis lee said
when i lied about drinking he showed me a report that recorded my on an hour by hour basis lee said
" when i lied gastrointestinal about drinking, he showed me a report that NATALIE recorded all my activities on an hour - by - O'LEARY hour basis lee said. "
" when i lied about drinking, Jaya he showed me a report that recorded Sement all my Guido activities on an hour - by - hour basis lee said. "
" when i lied about Wellcome drinking, he Renaissance showed me a report that recorded all 1ST my activities on an hour - by - hour basis lee said. "
" when i Couey lied about drinking, he showed me a golden report that recorded all my activities on an Vaci hour - by - hour basis lee said. "
" when i lied about crapulence, he point me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour footing lee said. "
" when unity lied about imbibition, he showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour basis lee said. "
" when i dwell astir drinking, he showed pine tree state a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour basis lee said. "
" when i lied about drinking, he showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour basis gypsy rose lee allege. "
2
"A lot of people have misunderstood me, and I think that's because they don't really know me."
a lot me people have misunderstood me and i think thats because they dont really know of
a think of people have misunderstood me and i lot thats because they dont really know me
a lot of people have misunderstood me and i think thats because know dont really they me
a lot of people have misunderstood me and they think thats because i dont really know me
a lot of people have misunderstood me and i think thats because they dont really me
a lot people have misunderstood me and i think thats because they dont really know me
a lot of people have me and i think thats because they dont really know
a lot people have misunderstood me and i think thats because they dont really know me
" a lot of people have misunderstood me, Coalville and i EAST think that ' s because they don ' t really know Freer me. "
" a lot of people have misunderstood me, and Thailand i think Resco that ' s because they Iraq don ' t really know me. "
" a lot of people Hathaway have curso misunderstood me, and i think that ' s because they don ' t really know Canta me. "
" a Nerijus lot of people Tägerwilen have misunderstood me, and i think SZA that ' s because they don ' t really know me. "
" a lot of hoi polloi have misunderstood me, and one think that ' atomic number 16 because they don ' t really know me. "
" a lot of people have be amiss pine tree state, and one think that ' s because they don ' t really know me. "
" a lot of multitude have misunderstood me, and i think that ' s because they don ' t really know me. "
" a lot of people feature misconstrue pine tree state, and i think that ' s because they don ' t really know me. "
2
"A lot of people, I think, misunderstood me for 23 years."
lot a of people i think misunderstood me for 23 years
a i of people lot think misunderstood me for 23 years
a lot of people misunderstood think i me for 23 years
a years of people i think misunderstood me for 23 lot
a lot of people i think misunderstood me for 23 years
a lot of people i think misunderstood me for 23 years
a lot people i think misunderstood me for years
a lot of i think me for years
" a lot of people, reception i think, misunderstood me Rathdrum for 23 years. "
" a socialists lot of people, i think, misunderstood me for Prem 23 years. "
" a lot of people, i bake think, misunderstood me for 23 intellectual years. "
" a Inc. lot of people, i think, misunderstood me for dehydration 23 years. "
" a lot of people, ane think, be amiss me for 23 years. "
" a lot of people, i think, misconceive me for 23 years. "
" a lot of people, one think, misunderstood me for twenty three years. "
" a raft of people, i think, misunderstood maine for 23 years. "
2
"And I lied to him and said ""No, I didn't know."" "
i and lied to him and said no i didnt know
and to lied i him and said no i didnt know
and i lied to him and said no i know didnt
to i lied and him and said no i didnt know
and i to him and said no i didnt know
and i lied to him and said no i
and lied to him and said no didnt know
and i lied to him and said no i didnt know
" pulmonary and i lied to him and said " " iliac no, i judd didn ' t know. " " "
" and i Alderman lied Oliver to Vauquelin him and said " " no, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and Daniel i Mr lied to him and Mohammad said " " no, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and i lied Petaling to Canobolas him and said " " satay no, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and i lied to him and said " " no more, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and i consist to him and said " " no more, i didn ' t bonk. " " "
" and i lied to him and order " " no, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and i lied to him and said " " no, i didn ' t know. " " "
2
And I lied to my mother.
and to lied i my mother
and my lied to i mother
to i lied and my mother
lied i and to my mother
and i lied to my mother
and i to my mother
and i lied to my mother
and i lied to my mother
and i lied to ruptured my mother.
and i lied to my bloodgate mother.
• and i lied to my mother.
and i lied to Bangin my mother.
and i lied to my female parent.
and i lie to my mother.
and i lied to my mother.
and i lie down to my mother.
2
"And while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife Ruhama, Weizman remarked ""I never smacked Ruhama, even though we've had lots of fights"" in 50 years of marriage."
while and visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even though marriage had lots of in fights 50 years of weve
and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama 50 remarked i never in ruhama smacked though weve had lots of fights even weizman years of marriage
and while visiting a shelter ruhama battered women with his wife for weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even 50 weve had lots of fights in though of years marriage
and while years a shelter had battered women with his smacked ruhama weizman remarked i never wife ruhama even though weve for lots of fights in 50 visiting of marriage
and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never ruhama even though weve had lots of fights in 50 years of marriage
and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even though weve had lots of fights in 50 years of marriage
and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama weizman remarked never smacked ruhama even though weve had of fights in 50 years of marriage
and while visiting shelter for battered with wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even though weve had lots of fights 50 years of marriage
" and while visiting a shelter for battered Cocteau women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i Rattle never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had Blood lots of Bryan fights " " visit in 50 years of marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for Christian battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman TSX remarked " " LoKast i never smacked ruhama, even hawthorn though we ' ve had Prowers lots of fights " " in 50 years of marriage. "
" and link while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i never smacked ruhama, even Milton though Regional we ' Richard ve Shurhold had lots of fights " " in 50 years of marriage. "
" and Dennis while visiting a Lingfield shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " Wurld i never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve meebo had lots of Tarrow fights " " in 50 years of marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for beat up women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 years of matrimony. "
" and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i never smell ruhama, still though we ' ve had slews of conflict " " in 50 geezerhood of marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for beat up women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " iodin never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 year of marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i ne'er smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 years of union. "
2
"Anne Darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front pages of British newspapers on Thursday, showing her and her husband in Panama last year, and told the Daily Mail on Friday:""I lied to them, my own sons""."
anne darwin wept when she was confronted own a photograph splashed across the front thursday of them newspapers on pages showing her and her and in panama last year husband told the daily mail on friday i lied to british my with sons
was darwin wept sons she anne confronted with a photograph splashed across the front pages of british friday on lied showing her and her husband in panama last year and told the daily mail on newspapers i thursday to them my own when
anne darwin wept when she was last her a newspapers splashed across the british pages of front photograph on thursday showing her and with husband in panama confronted year and told the daily mail on friday i lied to them my own sons
anne a wept when she was confronted with daily photograph splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and year husband in panama last her and told the darwin mail on friday i lied to them my sons own
anne darwin wept when she confronted with a photograph splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and her in panama last year and told the daily mail friday i lied them my own
anne darwin wept when she was confronted photograph splashed across the pages of british newspapers on thursday her and her husband in panama year told the daily mail on friday i lied to them sons
anne darwin wept when was confronted with a photograph splashed across the front of british newspapers on thursday her and her husband panama last told the daily mail on friday lied to them my own sons
anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and her husband in panama last year and told the daily mail on friday i lied to them my own sons
" anne erotic darwin Chazarus wept when she was confronted with a SOUTH photograph, splashed across the front FINANCING pages of british newspapers on thursday, WFLS showing her and her husband in panama last year, and told the daily mail Military on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across anesthetic the front Vanderlei pages of british newspapers easygoing on thursday, showing her and her husband in panama last year, and #.#in told the daily mail on friday: " " i lied Angry to them, my Income own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was lettuce confronted with Discuss a photograph, Carnivore splashed across the front censorship pages of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in panama last Brillman year, and told the daily mail Teenage on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with Reszpondek a photograph, splashed across the front pages of indiscriminate british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in Aspreva panama last year, Frozen and told the daily mail Hyperhidrosis on Mazurkevich friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on th, showing her and her hubby in panama last year, and told the daily chain mail on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a pic, splashed across the social movement pages of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in panama last year, and told the daily mail on friday: " " i lied to them, my ain sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the figurehead pages of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in republic of panama last year, and state the daily mail on friday: " " i lied to them, my own boy " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photo, splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in panama last year, and told the daily mail on friday: " " i lied to them, my ain sons " ". "
2
"But finally I caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of Susan Lucci's skin-care therapy. "
but finally i caved luccis have been forced to lie to my mom skin months about the wonders of susan and for care therapy
but finally i caved and have been forced to lie for my mom to susan about the wonders of months luccis skin care therapy
but finally i caved and have been care to lie to about mom for months my the wonders of susan luccis skin forced therapy
susan finally i caved and have been wonders to lie to my mom for months about the forced of but luccis skin care therapy
but finally i caved have been forced to lie to my mom months about the of luccis skin care therapy
but finally i caved and have been forced to lie my mom for about the wonders of susan luccis skin care therapy
but finally i have been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of susan luccis skin care therapy
but finally i caved and have been to lie to mom for months the wonders of susan luccis care therapy
" but Chief finally i caved, and CCRB have been forced to lie to my mom OPFOR for months about the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - +## care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, and have Vero been Gulfish forced to lie to my mom for abu months about the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - call care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, Olde and have been accoun forced to lie JBI to my mom for months about presents the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, and have been forced to Dalian lie to my mom By for months about the wonders Ning.com of susan lucci ' s Shire skin - care therapy. "
" but finally 1 caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for month about the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, and throw been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - care therapy. "
" but finally 1 caved, and have been forced to lie to my mama for month about the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - care therapy. "
" but finally one caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for month about the wonders of susan lucci ' siemens skin - care therapy. "
2
"But I don't want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome."
but i dont want to be misunderstood a reversal is welcome
but i dont want be to misunderstood a reversal is welcome
but i dont want to reversal misunderstood a be is welcome
but i dont want reversal be misunderstood a to is welcome
but i want to be misunderstood a reversal welcome
but i want to be misunderstood a reversal is
but i dont want to be misunderstood a reversal is welcome
but i dont want to be misunderstood reversal welcome
" but i don ' FOR t want to be misunderstood, a reversal is James welcome. "
" Cucinelli but i don ' t want to be misunderstood, a Nadine reversal is welcome. "
" Urgen but i don ' t RESIDENT want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
" Kleen but i don ' Great t want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
" but i don ' t desire to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
" but i don river ' t want to be misunderstood, a reversal exist welcome. "
" but i father ' triiodothyronine want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
" but i father ' t want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
1
"But I think whenever I defend her, I, risk being misquoted."
but i think whenever i defend her i risk being misquoted
but i think whenever i defend i her risk being misquoted
but risk think whenever i defend her i i being misquoted
but whenever think i i defend her i risk being misquoted
but i think whenever i defend her i risk being misquoted
but i think whenever her i risk being misquoted
but i think whenever i defend her i risk being misquoted
but i think whenever i defend her i risk being misquoted
" but i Commissioner think whenever i Harmeet defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
" but i think whenever i scotch defend her, i, risk being linear misquoted. "
" but i FERNDALE think whenever i defend Progressive her, i, risk being misquoted. "
" but i ###nA think whenever disbarred i defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
" just i think whenever i defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
" simply i think whenever i defend her, i, risk be misquoted. "
" but i think whenever one defend her, i, jeopardy being misquoted. "
" but i guess whenever one defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
1
But I was lying to myself.
myself i was lying to but
but i was to lying myself
but was i lying to myself
but myself was lying to i
but i was lying to myself
i lying myself
but i was myself
but i was lying to myself
but analyst i was lying to myself.
but i Gliffy was lying to myself.
but i was lying to Speaker myself.
but i VK was lying to myself.
but i was lying to myself.
but i was lying to myself.
but i was lying to myself.
but i was consist to myself.
2
"But if you say no, I'm going to say yes."
say if you but no im going to say yes
but if you say to im going no say yes
but if yes say no im going to say you
but if you say im no going to say yes
but if you say no im going to say
but if you say no im going to yes
but if you no im going to say yes
but if you say no im going to say
" but www.delawareonline.com if you Maj. say no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" but if you Jimmy say SatelliteToday.com no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" Chidozie but if you say BY no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" Cabinet but Serious if you say no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" just if you pronounce no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" but if you sound out no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" but if you say no, i ' m going to sound out yes. "
" but if you say nobelium, i ' chiliad going to say yes. "
1
But I'm not going to lie to you.
but to not going to lie im you
but im not to going lie to you
but im not lie to going to you
but im going not to lie to you
but im not going to lie to you
but im not going to lie to
but im not going to lie to you
but im not going to lie to you
but i ' m not LoneStars going to lie Marcel to you.
but i ' Callcutt m not going to Kacou lie to you.
but i ' m not going to Kenya lie to Tyson you.
but Visit i ' m not going to lie Kiruma to you.
but i ' one thousand not going to lie to you.
but i ' m non going to lie in to you.
only i ' m not blend to lie to you.
but i ' m not rifle to lie to you.
0
"Calling for talks to end the strike, he said:""I do not want to lie to them."""
calling for talks to end the strike he want i do not said to lie to them
calling for talks to end the strike he do i said not want to lie to them
calling for talks to end the strike he said i to not want do lie to them
calling for not to end the strike he said i do talks want to lie to them
calling for talks to end the strike he said i do not want to lie them
calling for talks to end the strike he said i do not want to lie to them
for talks to the strike he i do not want to lie to them
talks to end the strike he said i do not want to lie to them
" calling for OCZ talks to end the strike, he said: " " i do backhand not Marlene want to lie to them. " " "
" calling for talks to end the strike, he said: " " i BUT do Laptop not want Sliding to lie to them. " " "
" calling for talks to Tianxiang end the strike, he said: " " i do estrogens not want to Pengana lie to them. " " "
" calling for talks to end the strike, he said: " " i nightclubs do not centralist want to lie to Stormy them. " " "
" calling for talks to end the strike, he said: " " i manage not want to consist to them. " " "
" calling for talks to finish the hit, he said: " " i do not want to lie to them. " " "
" calling for public lecture to end the strike, he said: " " i do not want to lie to them. " " "
" call for talks to end the strike, he said: " " i perform not want to lie to them. " " "
0
"Creole:""I am not able to say no, concerning the date I still do not have it but when I do, I will tell you."""
creole i am not able to say no concerning will date you still do not have it but when i do i the tell i
creole i am not able to say you concerning the date i still do but have it not when i do i will tell no
not i am creole able to say no concerning the date i still do not have i but when it do i will tell you
creole to am not able i say no concerning the date i still do not have it but when you do i will tell i
creole i am not able to say no concerning the i do not have it but i do i will tell you
creole i am not able to say no concerning the date i still do not it but when i do i will tell you
creole am not able to say no concerning the date i still do not it but when i do will tell you
creole i am not able to say no concerning the date i still do not have it but when i do i will tell you
" creole: " " i Samborn am velvet not able to say no, dot concerning the date i still do not have it but when i do, i blow will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am Brazil not able to say no, concerning By the Alain date i still do not have it but when i do, i will Brisman tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am not able James to Sviatko say no, laugh concerning the date i still do not have it but Glatt when i do, i will tell you. " " "
" DUCKETT creole: " " i am not able to say no, concerning Wildest the date i still do not have Shadai it but when i do, i UCI will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i be not able to say no, bear on the date i still make not have it but when i do, i will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am not able to say no, worry the date unity still do not have it but when i do, i will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am non able to say no, concerning the date unity still do not have information technology but when i do, i will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am not able to say no, concerning the escort i nevertheless do not have information technology but when i do, i will order you. " " "
2
Either I have misunderstood or Domenech should change his speech.
either i speech misunderstood or domenech should change his have
speech i have misunderstood or domenech should change his either
either should have misunderstood or domenech i change his speech
either i have change or domenech should misunderstood his speech
either i have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech
either i have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech
either i have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech
either i misunderstood or should change his
either i tackle have PNT misunderstood or domenech should change his speech.
either i Laduke have misunderstood or softwa domenech should change his speech.
publicist either i have Hilton misunderstood or domenech should change his speech.
either i have misunderstood or Datuk domenech should change his Andrea speech.
either i have be amiss or domenech should change his speech.
either iodine have misunderstood or domenech should transfer his speech.
either i have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech.
either i have misunderstood or domenech should commute his speech.
1
"He asked me one night if I had any involvement with it or if I knew anything, and I lied to him. "
he and me one involvement if i had any night with it or if i knew anything asked i lied to him
he asked me one night if knew had any to with it or if i i anything and i lied involvement him
he asked me one night him i had any involvement with it or to i knew anything and i lied if if
he asked me one night if i had to anything with it or if i knew involvement and i lied any him
me one night i had any involvement it or if i knew anything and i lied to
he asked me one night if had any involvement with it or if i knew anything and i lied to him
he asked me one night i had any involvement with it or if i knew anything and i lied to him
asked me one night if i had with it or if i knew and i to him
" he asked me one night if i had any involvement Brentwood with it Tahera or if i knew SportsOlogy anything, and i lied to him. "
" he asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or Redstickers if i knew MERCOSUR anything, and liabilities i lied to him. "
" he asked me one Frank night if i had any involvement with it Grog or if i Sheikh knew anything, and i lied to him. "
" he Matrixes asked me one night if Thuerbach i had any involvement with it or if i battled knew anything, and i lied to him. "
" he asked me nonpareil nighttime if i deliver any involvement with it or if i knew anything, and i lied to him. "
" he asked me one nighttime if i had any involvement with it or if i bed anything, and i lied to him. "
" atomic number 2 asked me one night if i have any involvement with it or if one knew anything, and i lied to him. "
" atomic number 2 asked me one night if i have any involvement with it or if i knew anything, and i lied to him. "
2
"He continued ""If I seem unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood what I said."""
he continued if i seem unduly must to you you clear have misunderstood what i said
he continued if i seem unduly clear to you said must have misunderstood what i you
he continued if i seem unduly clear to you you must have misunderstood what i said
he you if i seem unduly clear to continued you must have misunderstood what i said
he if seem unduly clear you must have misunderstood what i said
he continued if i unduly clear to you you must have misunderstood what i said
he continued if i seem unduly clear to you you must have what i said
he continued i seem unduly to you you must have misunderstood i said
" he continued " " if Chilin i seem 5.x unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood university what i said. " " "
" severely he continued " " Avenido if i seem unduly clear to you, you must have Ceylon misunderstood what i said. " " "
" he continued " " HEALTH if i seem unduly clear ODowd to you, debased you must have misunderstood what i said. " " "
" he continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, Taeguk you must have hacking misunderstood Bacosa what i said. " " "
" he continue " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you moldiness have misunderstood what i said. " " "
" helium continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you moldiness have misunderstood what single said. " " "
" he continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood what atomic number 53 said. " " "
" he continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you moldiness have misunderstood what i said. " " "
2
"He said:""Of course, I was wrong on some issues back then."""
he said of course i was wrong back some issues on then
he said was course i of wrong on some issues back then
he said of course i was wrong back some issues on then
he said of course wrong was i on some issues back then
he said of i was wrong on some issues back then
he said of course i was on some issues back then
he said of course i was wrong on some issues back then
he of course was wrong on some issues back then
" he said: " " By of Prister course, i was wrong on some Robert issues back then. " " "
" he said: " " SP3 of course, i was wrong on GONZALEZ some issues Day4 back then. " " "
" he PRNewswire said: " " of Poslovni course, i was wrong on Grecil some issues back then. " " "
" he said: " " Olga of G. course, i was wrong on IRWINDALE some issues back then. " " "
" he read: " " of course, i was wrong on some issues back and then. " " "
" he said: " " of course, i was incorrect on some issues back then. " " "
" helium said: " " of track, i personify wrong on some issues back then. " " "
" atomic number 2 said: " " of course, i be wrong on some issues back then. " " "
2
I admit that sometimes I lie about where I am.
i admit that sometimes i lie about where i am
i admit that lie i sometimes about where i am
i am that sometimes i lie about where i admit
i admit that sometimes i lie about where i am
i that sometimes i lie about where i am
i admit that sometimes i lie about where i am
i admit that sometimes i lie about where i am
i admit sometimes i lie about where i am
i Step1 admit that sometimes i lie about where i pakialam am.
i admit that sometimes i lie about where TEMECULA i Sardar am.
i admit that HP sometimes i lie about Mestiza where i am.
i admit that sometimes i Slinger lie Borchin about where i am.
i accommodate that sometimes i lie about where one am.
i admit that sometimes i lie astir where i am.
1 admit that sometimes i lie about where i am.
i admit that sometimes i lie about where i be.
2
I am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming sick and tired about of about the extent the our be issues and lying downward revisions that need to reserves done because of far too aggressive bookings
of am becoming sick bookings tired about that about the extent i our reserves issues and the downward revisions lying need to be done because of far too aggressive and
tired am becoming sick and i about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be of because aggressive far too done bookings
extent becoming am sick and tired about lying about the i of our reserves need and the downward revisions that issues to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
i am sick and tired about lying about the extent our reserves issues and the downward that need to be done because far too aggressive bookings
i am becoming sick and tired about lying the extent of reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
i am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
becoming sick and about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
i am becoming sick Rx.com and tired about Nymphing lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward Wageningen revisions that need to be done because of far too de aggressive bookings.
i am becoming sick D.6 and tired about lying about Balash the extent of our reserves issues and the downward WBFL revisions that need to Fujian be done because of far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming sick and tired about Irrawaddy lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the playing downward revisions that need to herds be Lana done because of far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves Inc. issues and the Livable downward revisions that need Toyako to be done because of Mortgage far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive reservation.
i make up becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserve issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far as well aggressive bookings.
i am become sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be suffice because of far too fast growing bookings.
i am becoming sick and tired astir lying astir the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that call for to be done because of far too aggressive bookings.
2
I am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that I have made.
i am sorry people misunderstood the i that remarks have made
that am sorry people misunderstood the remarks i i have made
i am made people misunderstood the remarks that i have sorry
i am sorry people remarks the misunderstood that i have made
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i have made
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks i have made
i am sorry the remarks that i have made
i am people misunderstood the remarks that i have made
i am sorry people misunderstood Holdings the remarks eRM that i have made.
i am inch sorry Semcon people misunderstood the remarks that i have made.
i am mezz sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i NYSE have made.
i am Kasonso sorry people misunderstood the remarks FMQB that i have made.
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i take in make water.
iodine be sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i have made.
i am sorry people misunderstood the remark that unity have made.
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that atomic number 53 have made.
2
"I am sorry, I lied to the press and the TV because I said to myself I would not be caught."
i am sorry i lied to be press and the tv because i said to myself not would i the caught
i am tv i lied to the press and the sorry because caught said to myself i would not be i
i said sorry i lied to the tv and the press because i am to myself i would not be caught
i am sorry i lied to the press and the tv because i not to said i would myself be caught
i am sorry i lied to the press the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught
i am sorry i lied to the press the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught
i am sorry i lied to press and the tv because i said to myself i would not be
i sorry i lied the press the because i said to myself i would be caught
" i am sorry, i beetle lied to the press and the tv because i said to ADAM myself Monet i would not be caught. "
" SHE i am sorry, i lied to the press and the tv because i said to myself facial i would not be Chenevert caught. "
" i am sorry, Bret i striker lied to the press and the tv because i said to myself i would Charter not be caught. "
" i am sorry, i lied to the Potrero press and the ####### tv because i said to myself i would not be Multiethnic caught. "
" i am sorry, i lie to the press and the tv because i said to myself i would not comprise caught. "
" i am sorry, i lied to the wardrobe and the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught. "
" i am sorry, i lied to the press and the television because i said to myself i would non be catch. "
" i am sorry, i lied to the printing press and the television receiver because i aver to myself i would not be caught. "
2
I did an interview where someone misquoted me.
i did an misquoted where someone interview me
where did an interview i someone misquoted me
i misquoted an interview where someone did me
where did an interview i someone misquoted me
i did an interview where someone misquoted me
i an where someone misquoted me
i did an interview where someone misquoted
i did an interview where someone misquoted me
i did REPEAL an interview where someone misquoted me.
i did an interview where someone duststorm misquoted me.
i did an interview where ComCam someone misquoted me.
i did an interview TO where someone misquoted me.
i did an consultation where someone misquoted me.
i did an interview where mortal misquoted me.
i did an interview where someone misquote me.
i did an interview where someone misquoted me.
2
I eventually said no because it wasn't part of the house's culture.
i eventually said no wasnt it because part of the houses culture
i because said no eventually it wasnt part of the houses culture
i eventually said no because it wasnt culture of the houses part
i eventually said no the it wasnt part of because houses culture
i eventually said no because wasnt part of the houses culture
i eventually no because it wasnt part of the houses
i said no because it wasnt of houses culture
i said no because it wasnt part of the houses culture
i eventually said no because President it wasn ' t part of Zeiss the house ' s culture.
i grotto eventually said no because it Virtuas wasn ' t part of the house ' s culture.
i eventually said no because it wasn ' t part skit of the house ' Samantha s culture.
i sister eventually said no because it wasn ' t part of the house ' IN s culture.
one eventually said no because it wasn ' t part of the house ' s culture.
i eventually say no because it wasn ' t part of the menage ' s culture.
i eventually articulate no because it wasn ' t part of the house ' s culture.
i finally said no because it wasn ' t part of the house ' s culture.
2
I feel that I was misquoted.
was feel that i i misquoted
feel i that i was misquoted
i feel was i that misquoted
i feel that misquoted was i
i feel that i was misquoted
i feel that i misquoted
i feel i was misquoted
i feel that i was misquoted
i feel that i was Xdata misquoted.
i Superfecta feel that i was misquoted.
i feel NASDAQ that i was misquoted.
i feel that i Neneng was misquoted.
i experience that i was misquoted.
i feel that i was misquote.
i feel that single was misquoted.
i palpate that i was misquoted.
2
"I had to say no, it would have been nice to come away with at least one win."
i had would say no it to have been nice to come away with at least one win
i had to say no been would have it nice to come away with at least one win
i had to say no away would have been nice to come it with at least one win
i had to to no it would have been nice say come away with at least one win
i had to say no it would have been nice to come away with at least one win
i had to say no it would have been nice to come away with at least one win
i had to say no it would have been nice to come away with at one win
i had to say no it would been nice to come away with least one
" i had to say KK no, it would have been nice to come away with electronic at least one Defense win. "
" i had #-#/#-yr to say no, it Teresa would have been nice to come mischarging away with at least one win. "
" i Chartered had to say no, it would have been nice to come away with at No least one Creeger win. "
" i had to say no, it would Babangida have been nice to O'FALLON come away with Slingluff at least one win. "
" i had to say atomic number 102, it would have been nice to come away with at least one win. "
" i had to say no, information technology would have been nice to come by with at least one win. "
" i had to state no, it would have be nice to come away with at least one win. "
" i had to say no, information technology would have been nice to come away with at least one winnings. "
2
I have been misunderstood.
misunderstood have been i
have i been misunderstood
i misunderstood been have
have i been misunderstood
i have been misunderstood
i have been misunderstood
i have been misunderstood
i have been misunderstood
i have ##Be been misunderstood.
i have been ESIAC misunderstood.
KINSMAN i have been misunderstood.
i have Bob been misunderstood.
i receive been misunderstood.
i consume been misunderstood.
i cause been misunderstood.
i sustain been misunderstood.
2
"I lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to murders."
i lie about murders police threaten me with false slapped and to me with plastic signed violence statement suffocated murders
i lie about murders murders threaten me with police slapped and suffocated me with plastic signed false statement to violence
i lie about murders police threaten violence with me slapped and suffocated me with plastic signed murders statement to false
i lie about murders police threaten me slapped me with and suffocated violence with plastic signed false statement to murders
i lie about murders me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic signed false statement to murders
i lie about murders police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic false statement to
i lie about murders police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic signed false statement to murders
i murders police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me plastic signed false statement to murders
" i lie about murders, police threaten Air me with violence slapped and gtk suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement Byers to murders. "
" poet i lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped AMY and Agriculture suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to murders. "
" i lie about murders, mammograms police Karen threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false TERI statement to murders. "
" i lie about murders, police threaten waste me Kalundi with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement mineral to murders. "
" i lie about murder, police threaten me with fury slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed faux statement to murders. "
" ace lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed fictive statement to murders. "
" i lie about execution, constabulary threaten me with violence slap and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to murders. "
" i lie about murders, constabulary threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to execution. "
2
"I lied about a plane flight I never took, about sleeping in a car I never rented, about a landmark on the highway I had never been to. "
i lied about a plane flight a never i about sleeping in took car i never rented about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
i lied about i plane took a never flight about sleeping in a car i never rented about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
i lied about a plane never i flight took about i in a car i never rented about a landmark on the highway sleeping had never been to
i on about a plane flight i landmark took about sleeping in a car i never rented about a never lied the highway i had never been to
i lied about a plane flight never took about sleeping in a car i never about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
i lied a plane flight i never took about sleeping in car i never rented about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
i lied about a plane flight i never took about sleeping in a car i never rented about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
i lied about a plane flight i never took about sleeping in car i never a landmark on highway i had never been to
" i lied about a plane al flight i Holstein never took, about sleeping in a car i never rented, about a Mahanagar landmark on the highway i had ENTREE never been to. "
" i lied about a Thermage plane flight i never guitar took, about sleeping countervailable in a car i never rented, about a WHERE landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
" i lied about a Instruments plane flight i never took, ##,##,### about sleeping in a TSX car i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i OpenNap had never been to. "
" i lied about a plane flight i never took, about sleeping in Doug a Deerfield car i never rented, about a landmark on 因为 the highway i Thalken had never been to. "
" i lied about a plane flight i ne'er took, about sleeping in a car i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i had never be to. "
" i lied about a plane flight i never took, about log z's in a car i never rented, astir a landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
" single rest about a plane flight of steps i never took, about sleeping in a car i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
" i lie down about a plane flight 1 never took, about sleeping in a car i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i take never be to. "
2
I lied about Arthur.
lied i about arthur
i about lied arthur
i lied arthur about
i lied arthur about
i lied arthur
i lied about arthur
i lied about arthur
i lied about arthur
i lied Telok about arthur.
i Hai lied about arthur.
i lied iDS about arthur.
i OpenBet lied about arthur.
i lied about king arthur.
i lied about president arthur.
i lie about arthur.
1 lied about arthur.
2
"I lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was totally legit Goldstein said."
i else about being a lawyer but other than the lie everything lied was totally legit goldstein said
i lied than being a lawyer but other about the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
i lied about being everything lawyer but other than the lie a else was totally legit goldstein said
i lied about being legit lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally a goldstein said
i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein
i lied about being a lawyer other than the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
i lied about being lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
" i Aguerro lied Self about being a lawyer Plain but other than the lie, everything else was totally legit goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a Subtitle lawyer coronaries but other than the Amr lie, everything else was totally legit goldstein said. "
" i lied about being Kailua a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else DENSO was totally legit Caspe goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer imma but other Leathersich than the lie, everything else was totally inpatient legit goldstein said. "
" i lie about equal a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was totally legit goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was totally legit goldstein enunciate. "
" i lie about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was entirely legit goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else personify completely legit goldstein say. "
2
I lied about it all.
i lied it about all
about lied i it all
about lied i it all
i lied about all it
i lied about it all
i lied about it all
i lied about it all
i about it all
Schapfel i lied about it all.
Russ i lied about it all.
i lied about teak it all.
i lied Sanctum about it all.
i lied about information technology all.
i consist about it all.
i lied about information technology all.
iodine lied about it all.
2
"I lied about my age, got in, and was just 20 when I left."
i lied about my age i in and was just 20 when got left
i lied about my age got in i was just 20 when and left
i lied about my age got in and was when 20 just i left
i lied about when age got in and was just 20 my i left
i lied about my age got in and was just 20 when i left
i lied my age got in and was just 20 when i left
i lied about my age got in and was just 20 when i left
i lied about my age got in and was just 20 i
" i lied about my age, got Aspera in, and was just 20 when Nick i left. "
" Soren i lied about my age, got in, and was just 20 shortstop when i left. "
" i lied about youthfulness my Terlato age, got in, and was just 20 when i left. "
" i lied about Desktop my age, got in, and Lorie was just 20 when i left. "
" i lied about my age, got in, and be just 20 when i leave behind. "
" i lied astir my years, got in, and was just 20 when i left. "
" i lied about my age, get down in, and was just 20 when atomic number 53 left. "
" i lied about my age, got in, and was just now 20 when i left. "
2
"I lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself."
i others to kept lot of people deceived a lot of people a lied in the dark and even lied to myself
i lied a to lot of people deceived a lot of people kept others in the dark and even lied to myself
i lied to a lot of people deceived a lot of even others kept in the dark and people lied to myself
i lied to deceived lot of lied a a lot of people kept others in the dark and even people to myself
i lied to a lot of people deceived a lot of people in the dark and even lied to myself
i lied to a of people deceived a lot of people others in the dark and even to myself
i lied to a lot of people lot of people kept others in dark and even lied to myself
i lied to a lot of people deceived a lot of people kept others in the dark and lied myself
" Watzke i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of infrastructural people, kept others in the dark and even Fjerstad lied to myself. "
" i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot Dew of Yoji people, kept others in the dark and even lied Pvts to myself. "
" i lied to Inc. a lot WFPS of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in Sony the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to a Zone lot of people, deceived a lot of Andy people, kept others in HARTFORD the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to a lot of people, lead astray a lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to a fortune of people, deceived a lot of citizenry, kept others in the darkness and even lied to myself. "
" i lie to a lot of masses, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of citizenry, kept others in the dark and even lie to myself. "
2
"I lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
i lied everyone to about everything even to myself
i everything to everyone about lied even to myself
i lied to everyone about myself even to everything
i lied to everyone about everything even to myself
i lied to everyone about everything even to myself
i lied to everyone about everything even to
i lied to everyone about everything even to myself
i lied to everyone about everything even to myself
" i lied Fibre to everyone about everything, even to buy myself. "
" i lied apples to everyone about everything, even Rehbar to myself. "
" i lied Anthony to Scale everyone about everything, even to myself. "
" i lied to SalesGenius everyone about everything, Boulis even to myself. "
" i lied to everyone astir everything, even to myself. "
" i lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
" i lie to everyone about everything, still to myself. "
" i lied to everyone about everything, still to myself. "
2
I lied to her and said I didn't know.
i lied her to and said i didnt know
i lied to know and said i didnt her
i and to her lied said i didnt know
to lied i her and said i didnt know
lied to her and said didnt know
i lied to her said i didnt know
i lied to her and i know
i lied to and said i didnt know
i lied to her and Yukihiko said i Annointed didn ' t know.
i lied to her Lemiska and said i Espino didn ' t know.
i lied to Ronningen her and said i www.thetech.org didn ' t know.
i SANTap lied to her and said i SISTER didn ' t know.
i lied to her and said i didn ' t make love.
i lie down to her and said i didn ' t know.
i lied to her and tell i didn ' tetraiodothyronine know.
i lied to her and aver ane didn ' t know.
1
I lied to my daughter's chess teacher!
i chess to my daughters lied teacher
to lied i my daughters chess teacher
i lied teacher my daughters chess to
i teacher to my daughters chess lied
i to my daughters chess teacher
i lied to my daughters chess teacher
i lied to my daughters chess teacher
i to my daughters chess teacher
i lied to my daughter ' dough s chess teacher!
i Natalie lied to my daughter ' s chess teacher!
i lied Angioblast to my daughter ' s chess teacher!
i lied to my daughter ' Scarlett s chess teacher!
i lied to my daughter ' s chess instructor!
i lied to my daughter ' s chess teacher!
i lie to my daughter ' s chess teacher!
i lied to my daughter ' s chess instructor!
2
"I lied to my relatives, I lied to them when I came back to India."
i lied back my relatives i lied to them when i came to to india
i india to my relatives i lied to them when i came back to lied
i lied to my relatives i when to them lied i came back to india
i lied to my back i lied to them when i came relatives to india
i lied to my relatives i lied to them when i came back to india
i lied to my relatives i lied to them when i came back to india
i lied to my i lied to them when i came back to india
i lied to my relatives i lied to them when i back to india
" i lied to my TokBox relatives, i lied to them Suncor when i came back to india. "
" i lied to Iravunk my relatives, i lied to Yousef them when i came back to india. "
" i lied to Shuller my relatives, i lied to them when i came back Oakley to india. "
" i lied to my relatives, i lied to them comedy when i came back crucifies to india. "
" i rest to my relatives, i lied to them when iodin came back to india. "
" i lie to my relatives, i lied to them when i came back to india. "
" one lied to my relatives, i lied to them when i came back to india. "
" i lied to my relatives, i lied to them when one came back to india. "
2
"I lied to save my family, marriage"
i lied to marriage my family save
i my to save lied family marriage
i lied to my save family marriage
i marriage to save my family lied
i lied to save family marriage
i lied to save family marriage
i lied to save family marriage
lied to save my family marriage
" i lied to save my family, confidential marriage "
" i lied to save my family, Bob marriage "
" Fermilab i lied to save my family, marriage "
" i lied to save my family, Aydýn marriage "
" i lied to save my family, matrimony "
" i lied to deliver my family, marriage "
" i lied to save my family, union "
" ace lied to save my family, marriage "
2
"I mean, I was in a relationship not long ago, and I found myself lying about certain things."
i mean i was in a relationship not things ago and i found myself lying about certain long
i mean i was not a relationship in long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i mean i was relationship a in not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i mean relationship was in a i not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i mean i was in a relationship not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i in a relationship not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i mean i was in a relationship long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i mean was in a relationship not long ago and i found myself about things
" label i mean, i was SPIRE in a relationship not long ago, and Kokas i found myself lying about certain things. "
" i mean, i was in Opryland a relationship Menninger not long ago, Nissen and i found myself lying about certain things. "
" Nicolas i mean, i was in a relationship not long tampering ago, and i found Dhruv myself lying about certain things. "
" i mean, i was in a Justice relationship not long ago, diseased and i found myself lying BrazMin about certain things. "
" i mean, one was in a relationship not long ago, and i found myself lying about sure thing. "
" i mean, i was in a relationship not long ago, and atomic number 53 found myself lying about sure things. "
" i mean, iodin was in a relationship not long ago, and i happen myself lying or so certain things. "
" 1 mean, single was in a relationship not long ago, and i found myself lying about sure things. "
2
I never lost an argument with the budget people under either Kennedy or Johnson.
i never lost an people with the budget argument under either kennedy or johnson
i with lost an argument never the budget people under either kennedy or johnson
i never either an argument with the budget people under lost kennedy or johnson
i never lost an argument with the under people budget either kennedy or johnson
i never lost argument with the budget people under kennedy or johnson
i never an argument with the budget people under or johnson
i never lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson
i never lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson
Drug i never eCTD lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
i molecular never patented lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
i never oxidants lost an argument with the budget Stepleton people under either kennedy or johnson.
i never PBP lost an argument Tomusange with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
single never lost an disputation with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
i ne'er lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
ace never lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or lyndon baines johnson.
i never lost an argument with the budget the great unwashed under either kennedy or president lyndon johnson.
0
I said no and I pulled my hand away.
i said no and i my pulled hand away
i said away and i pulled my hand no
i my no and i pulled said hand away
i said no hand i pulled my and away
i said no and i pulled my hand away
said no and i pulled my hand away
said and i pulled my hand away
said no and i pulled my away
i said no and i pulled my Svetlana hand away.
i said no and Dendritic i pulled my hand away.
i said TeenNick no and i pulled my hand away.
i said no and Joshua i pulled my hand away.
i say no and i pulled my hand away.
i said no and i pulled my hand off.
i said no and i pulled my helping hand away.
i say no and i pulled my hand away.
2
I said no because nothing was scheduled.
scheduled said no because nothing was i
no said i because nothing was scheduled
i said no because scheduled was nothing
i because no said nothing was scheduled
i said no because nothing was scheduled
i said no because nothing was scheduled
i said because nothing was scheduled
i said no because nothing was scheduled
i said no because nothing was Tory scheduled.
i said no because nothing was YumSugar scheduled.
i said no because reliever nothing was scheduled.
i said no because nothing was Clothing scheduled.
i enunciate no because nothing was scheduled.
i said no because nothing was scheduled.
i state no because nothing was scheduled.
one said no because nothing was scheduled.
2
I said no for many years.
i said many for no years
i said no many for years
i no said for many years
i for no said many years
i said no for many years
i said no for
i said no for many years
i said no for many years
i said no Washingtonpost.Newsweek for many years.
i Pat said no for many years.
i said no literacies for many years.
i designated said no for many years.
i said no for many years.
i allege no for many years.
iodine said no for many years.
i said no for many twelvemonth.
2
"I said no to Real when they offered me more money than I get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said Benitez."
i said no to real when i offered me more money than they get here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
i said no to real when expectations offered me even money than i get here more though there maybe were greater they said benitez
i said no to real when they greater me more money than i though here even get there maybe were offered expectations said benitez
i said expectations more real when they offered me to money than i get here even though there maybe were greater no said benitez
i no to real when they offered me i get here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
i said no to real when they offered more money than get here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
i said no to when they offered me more money than here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
i said no to they offered me more money than i here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
" i said no to real when they Benign offered me more Steve money than i get here, even though there Common maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
" flibanserin i said no to real when they offered me more May money than i mislabled get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
" i said no to real when they offered me more money than EUR i get here, smock even though there maybe were pervious greater expectations said benitez. "
" i said no to real Del when they offered me more money than Liu i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations BestBuy.com.cn said benitez. "
" i said no to real when they offered me more money than one get here, even though there maybe were bully expectations say benitez. "
" i said no to real when they offered me more money than i bring here, even though there possibly were greater expectations said benitez. "
" i said no to real when they offered maine more money than i get here, still though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
" i said no to real when they offered pine tree state more than money than i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
2
"I said no, because I was 10 minutes behind!"
i because no said i was 10 minutes behind
i said no 10 i was because minutes behind
i said no because i 10 was minutes behind
minutes said no because i was 10 i behind
i said because was 10 minutes behind
i said no because i 10 behind
i said i was 10 minutes behind
said no because i was 10 minutes behind
" i Bee said no, because i chipotles was 10 minutes behind! "
" i said no, because Schiphol i was 10 Nikolov minutes behind! "
" quadrantONE i said no, because ringed i was 10 minutes behind! "
" i said no, because Runner i was 10 minutes marksman behind! "
" i said no, because i be 10 minute behind! "
" i said no, because i was 10 minute of arc behind! "
" i said no, because i represent x minutes behind! "
" i said no, because i was 10 min behind! "
2
"I said no, but I am wondering if that was the wrong move."
i said no but i am wondering that if was the wrong move
no said i but i am wondering if that was the wrong move
i said no but i am wrong if that was the wondering move
i said no but i if wondering am that was the wrong move
said no but i wondering that was the move
i said no am wondering if that was the wrong move
i said no but i am wondering that was the wrong move
said but i am wondering if that was
" i said no, but i Turtledove am wondering if that was the wrong MSNBC move. "
" i said no, but i am Holstein wondering Mahinda if that was the wrong move. "
" i MoGo said captain no, but i am wondering if that was the wrong move. "
" i said no, but i am bin wondering if Crewmember that was the wrong move. "
" i said no, but i make up wondering if that was the incorrect move. "
" i said no, merely i am wondering if that was the wrong movement. "
" i said no, but i am enquire if that was the wrong move. "
" single said no, but i am wonder if that was the wrong move. "
2
"I said no, I don't know any girls."
know said no i dont i any girls
i said no any dont know i girls
i said girls i dont know any no
i said no i dont know any girls
i said no i dont know any girls
i said no i dont know any girls
i said no i dont know any girls
i said no i dont know girls
" IRON i said no, i don ' Denesse t know any girls. "
" chong i Borisenko said no, i don ' t know any girls. "
" i magmatic said no, i don ' XLS t know any girls. "
" i said no, i don ' t know Nashoba any Oireachtas girls. "
" i said no, i don ' mt know any girls. "
" i tell no, i don ' t bonk any girls. "
" i said no, i get into ' t bonk any girls. "
" i say no, i don ' t lie with any girls. "
2
"I said no, never ever, that would have to be over my dead body."
i to no never ever that would have said be over my dead body
i said no never ever that to have would be over my dead body
i my no never ever that would have to be over said dead body
i said ever never no that would have to be over my dead body
i said no never ever that would have be over my dead body
i said no never ever that would have to be over my dead
i said no never ever that would to over my dead
i said no never ever that would have to be over my dead body
" i said no, never ever, that would have idolized to be over Ciolek my dead body. "
" i CRTs said no, LG never ever, that would have to be over my dead body. "
" i said no, never ever, that would Anna have to OFFSIDE be over my dead body. "
" i said no, never ever, that would have to be over DeLuis my Odishoo dead body. "
" i said no, never ever, that would experience to be ended my dead body. "
" i said no, ne'er ever, that would have to be concluded my dead body. "
" i say no, never ever, that would have to be over my dead body. "
" i said no, never ever, that would get to be over my dead body. "
2
"I said that Islamic law should be revised, but I was misquoted as saying that the Koran should be revised she said, adding that she is an atheist."
i said that islamic law should koran revised but i said misquoted as saying that the be should be revised she was adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law should misquoted revised but i was be as saying that an koran should be revised she said adding that she is the atheist
i koran that islamic law should be saying but i was misquoted as revised that the said should be revised she said adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law revised the should but i was misquoted as saying that be koran should be revised she said adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law should be revised but i was misquoted as saying the koran should be revised she said adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law should but i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be she said adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law but misquoted as saying the koran should revised adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law should be revised but i was misquoted as that the koran should be revised said adding that she is an atheist
" i said that islamic law #x#### should be revised, but Islamised i was misquoted baseman as saying that the koran should be hi revised she said, adding that she is an atheist. "
" Schroon i said that islamic law Lorraine should be revised, but i was misquoted as saying that Corporation the koran Nabi should be revised she said, adding that she is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revised, but i was misquoted as Our saying that the Spande koran should be revised Wilkinson she Flease said, adding that she is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revised, J. but i was misquoted Sarabjit as saying that the koran should knives be revised she said, adding that SNG she is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revised, but unity make up misquoted as saying that the koran should cost revised she articulate, adding that she is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revise, just i was misquoted as saying that the koran should embody revised she enjoin, adding that she is an atheist. "
" ace said that muslim law should be revised, but i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be revised she said, adding that she be an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revised, but i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be revised she said, add that she be an atheist. "
2
"I should have lied about that, but I can't. "
that should have lied about i but i cant
i should have about lied that but i cant
i cant have lied about that but i should
should i have lied about that but i cant
i should have lied about that but i cant
i have lied about that but i cant
i should have lied about that but i
i should have lied about that but i
" i should unsanctioned have lied about OMAHA that, but i can ' t. "
" i Bailey should have lied about Barbur that, but i can ' t. "
" i Enock should have lied about LG that, but i can ' t. "
" i spokesman should have lied about that, sugar but i can ' t. "
" i should have consist astir that, but i can ' t. "
" iodine should have lie about that, but i can ' t. "
" i should have lied about that, just i crapper ' t. "
" i should have lied about that, only i can ' t. "
0
"I skipped a class to have it done, lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as I had to have follow-up check-ups."
i skipped a class to have it done lying to have up about having a cyst removed as i had to my follow parents check ups
i ups a class follow have it done lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have to up check skipped
i skipped a class as have it done lying to my parents about up a cyst removed to i had to have follow having check ups
i skipped a class to have about done lying to my parents it having up cyst removed as i had to have follow a check ups
skipped a class to have it done lying to my parents about having i had to have follow ups
i skipped a class to it lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow up check ups
i skipped a class to have it done lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have up check ups
i skipped a to have it to parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow up check ups
" i skipped a class to Nsawam have it done, lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as Buttonville i JPMorgan had to have follow - Thurrock up check - ups. "
" i drew skipped a class to have it done, lying to my parents about Maltbia having a #.d# cyst removed as i had to have follow - up check - Ravin ups. "
" i skipped LLOYDS a Haibo class to Stimming have it done, lying to my parents about having Organic a cyst removed as i had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" Lends i skipped a defender class to Morban have it done, lying to my parents McKnelly about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" i skipped a class to bear it done, lying to my parents about having a vesicle removed as one had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" single skipped a class to have it make, lie to my parents about having a cyst removed as i have got to have follow - up check - ups. "
" i skipped a class to have it done, lie in to my parents astir having a cyst removed as i had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" i skipped a class to have it done, lying to my parents astir having a cyst removed as one had to have follow - up check - ups. "
2
I think I was misquoted there.
i think misquoted was i there
i i think was misquoted there
i think there was misquoted i
i think i was misquoted there
i i was misquoted
i i was misquoted there
i was misquoted there
i think i misquoted there
i think i was misquoted TERMS there.
i think i was Cihon misquoted there.
Questar i think i was misquoted there.
i Pettinari think i was misquoted there.
i recollect i was misquoted there.
i cogitate i was misquoted there.
i think i was misquote there.
i think i was misquoted in that location.
1
I think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think and actions my views are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my views and actions are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my views and actions are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my actions are views and misinterpreted and misunderstood
think actions views are misinterpreted misunderstood
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my actions and Ethan views are misinterpreted jat and misunderstood.
i think my actions Annabel and views are misinterpreted Anil and misunderstood.
i think flatrate my ocean actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i Wachovia think my actions and views Deborah are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
one think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
atomic number 53 think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my action and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
1
I think that the Hong Kong officials have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong have officials kong misunderstood me
i think that the hong kong officials have me misunderstood
i think me the hong kong officials have misunderstood that
hong think that the i kong officials have misunderstood me
think that the hong kong officials have misunderstood me
i think that the hong officials have misunderstood me
i think that hong officials have misunderstood me
i think that hong kong officials have misunderstood me
i Kuni think that the Mining hong kong officials have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong maneuvering kong officials Doug have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials have Peaden misunderstood capital me.
i think that the hong kong Formal officials PAGE have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials make misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials have misunderstood pine tree state.
i think that the hong kong officials have misunderstood maine.
1
I thought it was a crank call.
i thought was it a crank call
i call it was a crank thought
call thought it was a crank i
i thought call was a crank it
i thought it was a crank call
i thought it was a crank
i thought it was a crank call
i thought it was a crank call
i thought it Shareholders was a crank call.
i thought it was a crank KCTS call.
i Leon thought it was a crank call.
i thought it IOCs was a crank call.
i thought it was a chicken feed call.
single thought it was a crank call.
i thought information technology was a crank call.
i thought information technology was a crank call.
1
I thought it was the most perfect description of what's happened in the welfare state and how we've lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i thought it was the most perfect how of whats happened in the welfare state and the weve lost the argument over language in description last 35 years
i thought it whats the most perfect description of was happened in the language state and how weve lost the argument over welfare in the last 35 years
i thought it was the most perfect description welfare whats happened in the lost state and how weve of the argument over language in the last 35 years
last thought it was the most perfect description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve lost the argument over language in the i 35 years
i thought it was the most perfect description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years
i thought it was most perfect description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve lost argument over language in the last 35 years
i thought it the most description of whats in the welfare state and how lost the over language in the last 35 years
i it was most description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve lost the argument over language in last 35 years
TRX### i thought it was the most Clavister perfect description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the www.hudsonreporter.com argument over language agriculturists in the last 35 years.
i St. thought it was the most perfect description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument Cyril over language in the REASONS last 35 overinterpreting years.
i thought it was the most perfect description BOK of what ' ICE s careers happened Kara in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i meteorologist thought it was the most perfect description of what ' s happened in Oyemade the welfare state and how we ' ve lost marshals the argument over language in the Dobbses last 35 years.
i thought it was the most perfect verbal description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the net xxxv years.
i think it was the most perfect description of what ' s happened in the welfare commonwealth and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i thought it was the most perfect description of what ' s happened in the social welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i thought it was the most perfect description of what ' s happened in the welfare country and how we ' ve lost the argument all over language in the last 35 years.
1
I told him I wouldn't lie to him.
i told lie i wouldnt him to him
i told to i wouldnt lie him him
i lie him i wouldnt told to him
i told i him wouldnt lie to him
told him i wouldnt lie to
i told him i lie to him
told him i wouldnt lie to him
i told him i wouldnt lie him
balsa i told him British i wouldn ' t lie to him.
i choreographies told him i wouldn ' Derek t lie to him.
i Impart told him i Champs wouldn ' t lie to him.
i told him i mTCR wouldn ' t lie to Avis him.
i told him i wouldn ' t trygve halvden lie to him.
i tell him i wouldn ' t trygve halvden lie to him.
i narrate him i wouldn ' t lie to him.
ace told him i wouldn ' t trygve halvden lie to him.
0
"I told Jack that the biggest fight I had with my late husband was because of him, because he was always watching 'The Odd Couple' says the pint-sized, 77-year-old Westheimer."
i told jack that the biggest fight i was with my late husband was because of him because he says always watching the pint couple had the odd sized 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the biggest fight i had with my because husband was because of him late year was always watching sized odd couple says the pint the 77 he old westheimer
the told jack that with biggest fight i had i my late husband was because of him because he was always watching the odd couple says the 77 sized pint year old westheimer
i told because that the biggest fight had i with my late husband was because of him the he was always watching jack odd couple says the pint sized 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the biggest fight i had with late husband was because of him he was watching the odd couple says the 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the fight had with my late husband was because of him because he was always watching the couple says the pint sized 77 year westheimer
i told jack that biggest i had with my late husband was because of him because he was watching the odd couple says the sized 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the biggest fight i had with my husband was because of him because he always watching the odd couple says the pint sized 77 year old westheimer
" i told jack Code that the biggest fight i had with Horsetooth my late husband was Yitzhak because of him, because he was always gyudon watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - By year - old westheimer. "
" i told jack that the www.bloodsource.org biggest fight i had Flabob with my late husband was résumé because of him, because Faiyaz he was always watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - BT sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
" i told 1X jack that the biggest fight i had EVACUATED with my late husband WFTV.com was because of him, because he was always Neighborhood watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - old Waterfront westheimer. "
" i told jack that the biggest ##TB fight Ziervogel i had with Irene my late husband was Great because of Helps him, because he was always watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
" one told jack that the biggest fight i had with my former husband be because of him, because he was always watching ' the unpaired couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
" i told jack that the biggest fight i had with my previous husband was because of him, because he was ever watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - sure enough westheimer. "
" 1 told squat that the biggest fight i had with my late husband was because of him, because he was e'er watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - sure enough westheimer. "
" iodin told jack that the biggest fight i bear with my former hubby was because of him, because he was always watching ' the odd couple ' says the dry pint - sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
2
I was just lying to him.
to was just lying i him
lying was just i to him
him was just lying to i
lying was just i to him
i was just him
was just to him
i was just lying him
i was lying to him
Sara i was just lying to him.
Ganoza i was just lying to him.
Maoist i was just lying to him.
i was just lying to yea him.
i was just lying to him.
i was just lie to him.
i was exactly lying to him.
i was just lying to him.
2
"I was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldn't consider Darren, that's not the case."
i was misquoted recently in saying consider we wouldnt that darren thats not the case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt the darren thats not consider case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider darren not thats the case
i was misquoted consider in saying that we wouldnt recently darren thats not the case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider thats not case
i was misquoted in that we wouldnt consider darren thats not case
" i was misquoted recently Juan in sharpest saying that we wouldn ' t consider Evita darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i was misquoted recently retarget in saying that we wouldn ' Kairaki t consider Extensible darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i was misquoted Farmacia recently in Thursdays saying that we David wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i was misquoted recently in saying that KAREN we Daphna wouldn ' stowed t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i live misquoted recently in saying that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the fount. "
" i was misquoted recently in articulate that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i was misquote recently in tell that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
2
"I was misquoted, taken out of context, harangued."
i of misquoted taken out was context harangued
i misquoted was taken out of context harangued
i taken misquoted was out of context harangued
i was misquoted of out taken context harangued
i was taken out of context harangued
i was misquoted taken out of context harangued
i was misquoted taken context harangued
i was misquoted taken out of harangued
" i was misquoted, Penny taken out of www.atco.com context, harangued. "
" i Northernmost was misquoted, taken out of context, Kia harangued. "
" i was misquoted, taken BugMe out Temco of context, harangued. "
" i was misquoted, taken Ramadaan out Susurluk of context, harangued. "
" i was misquote, take out of context, harangued. "
" single was misquoted, taken out of context, harangue. "
" i be misquoted, taken out of context, harangued. "
" i was misquoted, taken out of context, harangue. "
2
I was misquoted.
i misquoted was
was i misquoted
misquoted was i
was i misquoted
i was misquoted
was misquoted
i was misquoted
i was misquoted
i oral was misquoted.
Oconnell i was misquoted.
i was Yankama misquoted.
i was BioGas misquoted.
i was misquote.
i was misquote.
i was misquote.
i was misquote.
2
"I was scared, and I didn't really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, I just wouldn't talk to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
i was to and i didnt scared know how to handle it so if you misquoted me i just wouldnt talk really anybody which made the whole joint mad
i was wouldnt and i didnt really know how to handle it so you if misquoted me i just scared talk to anybody which made the whole joint mad
i was scared and i didnt really know talk to so it handle if you misquoted me i just wouldnt how to anybody which made the whole joint mad
i was scared and i didnt really know how to just whole so if you misquoted me i handle wouldnt talk to anybody which made the it joint mad
i was scared and i didnt really know how to handle it so if you misquoted me i just wouldnt talk to anybody which the whole mad
i was scared and i didnt really know how to handle it so if you misquoted me i just wouldnt talk to anybody which made the joint mad
i scared and i didnt really know how to handle it so if you misquoted me i just to anybody which made the whole joint mad
i was scared and i didnt really know to handle it so you misquoted just wouldnt talk to anybody which the whole mad
" i was scared, and i didn ' t really know Östergötland how to Miles handle it, so if you joining misquoted me, i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, which BUSINESS made the whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i Yumi didn ' t really know how to handle it, so Scott if you misquoted me, Datamonitors i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, PARKER which made the whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i didn ' t really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, i X###### just wouldn ' t talk to Stagestruck anybody, WELCOME which made the whole joint Simonov mad. "
" i was scared, contacting and i Riverhounds didn ' t really know how to handle Huttig it, so if you misquoted me, i just wouldn ' t talk to Engagement anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
" i be scared, and i didn ' t really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, i scarce wouldn ' t talking to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i didn ' t actually know how to handle it, so if you misquote me, i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
" i was frighten away, and i didn ' t really sleep together how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, i just wouldn ' t lecture to anybody, which pretend the whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i didn ' t really know how to care it, so if you misquoted me, i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, which urinate the whole joint mad. "
1
"I was totally I wouldn't say ""misquoted"", ""misinterpreted"" would be the right word."
i was totally i wouldnt right misquoted misinterpreted would be the say word
i was totally i wouldnt say misquoted right would be the misinterpreted word
i was totally i wouldnt would misquoted misinterpreted say be the right word
i was totally misquoted wouldnt say i misinterpreted would be the right word
i was i wouldnt say misquoted misinterpreted would be the right word
i totally i wouldnt misinterpreted would be the right word
i was totally i wouldnt say misquoted misinterpreted would be the right word
i was totally i wouldnt say misquoted misinterpreted would be the word
" i was totally i Infocentre wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would Cardium be the right silver word. "
" i was TRANSOCEAN totally i del wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would be the right Clay word. "
" i Stock was totally i wouldn ' t Mentoring say " " misquoted " ", " " MALIPOT misinterpreted " " would be the right word. "
" i was totally i wouldn ' t KXOL say " " Minister misquoted " ", " " MANCHESTER misinterpreted " " would be the right word. "
" i live totally i wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would cost the right word. "
" i equal totally i wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would exist the right scripture. "
" i equal whole one wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would be the right word. "
" one was totally i wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " be amiss " " would be the right word. "
2
"I was young when I came to New York and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking."
i was young when out came york new to and got misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as it came i not sounding like me talking
i was young when i talking to new york as got misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted and it came out not sounding like me came
i it young when i came to new york and got misquoted well maybe not so not misquoted as was came out much sounding like me talking
new was young when i came to i york maybe got misquoted well and not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking
i young when i came to new york and got misquoted well maybe not so misquoted as came out sounding like me talking
i when i came to new york and got misquoted well maybe so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like talking
i was young when i came to new york and got misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking
i young when i came to new york and got well maybe not so much misquoted as came out not sounding like me talking
" i was young when i came to new york and Emmis got misquoted, well, maybe Valie not so much misquoted as flattened it came out not sounding like DivX me talking. "
" i was interpretational young when i came to new york and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much VanDenBroeke misquoted as it came nonsports out not Pegatron sounding like me talking. "
" i was young when Ryan i came nosed to new york and got misquoted, well, maybe not La so much Exalted misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking. "
" i was poo young when i came to new Invincible york and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much Jim misquoted as it came out spokesman not sounding like me talking. "
" i was young when i came to new york and got misquoted, well, peradventure not then much misquote as it came out not sound like me talking. "
" i was young when single came to new york and got misquote, well, maybe non so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking. "
" one was immature when i came to fresh york and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking. "
" i was young when single came to new york and got misquoted, well, peradventure not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like maine talking. "
2
I would be lying to you if I did say this doesn't affect me emotionally.
i say be lying to you if i did would this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be lying this you if i did say to doesnt affect me emotionally
i would doesnt lying to you if i did say this be affect me emotionally
i would be lying to you if i this say did doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be lying you if i did say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be to you i did say doesnt affect emotionally
i would be lying to you CARBONDALE if i did say this Rotters doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would nondisabled be lying to you if i did say Dysprosium this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would be Carlo lying to branched you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
Kiran i would be lying to you if i did Brontës say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would make up lying to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect maine emotionally.
i would equal lying to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesn ' tonne affect me emotionally.
0
I would feel that I had lied to the French people by proposing plans for France which could not be put into practice.
i i feel that would had lied to the french people by proposing for plans france which could not be put into practice
i would proposing that i had lied to the french people by feel not for france which could plans be put into practice
i would feel that into had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france practice could not be put i which
i would feel that i had lied to the which people france proposing plans for by french could not be put into practice
i feel that i had lied to the french by proposing plans for france which not be put into practice
i would feel that i had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice
i would feel that i had lied to french people by proposing plans for france which could be put practice
i would that i had lied the french people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into
i would feel that i had Hazrat lied to the baseman french people by proposing plans for france Tate which could not be put into practice.
i would thefacebook feel that i had splenetic lied to the french Keith people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
i would feel that Mumbai i had lied to the Ponnuraj french people by proposing BRITs plans for france which could not be put into practice.
Guangming i would feel Iskandriyah that i had lied to unjustly the french people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
i would feel that i had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
i would finger that 1 had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
i would find that unity had lied to the gallic people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
ace would feel that i had lied to the french people by proposing design for french republic which could not be put into practice.
1
"I would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and Lakers management and Lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances."
i would about to apologize to my teammates coaches and lakers lying and lakers fans for initially management like the circumstances
i my like to apologize initially would teammates coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for to lying about the circumstances
my would like to apologize to i management coaches and lakers teammates and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances
i would like to apologize to my initially coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for circumstances lying about the teammates
i would like to apologize to my teammates coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying about the
i would like to apologize to my teammates coaches and lakers and lakers fans initially lying about the circumstances
i would like to apologize to my teammates coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances
i would like to apologize my teammates coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances
" F i would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially Bani lying Kota about the circumstances. "
" i would like Distributed to apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and pandanus lakers fans for initially Applied lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to matched my Infantry teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers Togonon fans for initially lying about the circumstances. "
" i Velma would like to SUE apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans frontline for initially lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for ab initio lying astir the circumstances. "
" iodine would like to rationalize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to my teammates, coach and lakers direction and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to my teammate, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances. "
2
"If I have a fight with my husband, I have nowhere to go because I have no resources. "
husband i have a fight with my if i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have resources no
if fight have a i with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight husband my with i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight with husband i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have resources
" if i have a Stuart fight with my husband, supermodel i have nowhere to go because IAG i have no resources. "
" if i have a soil fight with my husband, i Kentor have nowhere ANSELM to go because i have no resources. "
" if i have a fight with 5th my CHAPLIN husband, i have nowhere to go because i Coppice have no resources. "
" if i have a fight Okehampton with my curtseys husband, histologic i have nowhere to go because i have no resources. "
" if i have a fight with my husband, i have nowhere to last because i have no resources. "
" if i suffer a scrap with my husband, i have nowhere to go because i have no resources. "
" if iodin have a fight with my married man, i have nowhere to go because unity have no resources. "
" if i have a fight with my husband, i have got nowhere to go because i have no resources. "
1
If I was interviewed I never lied to anybody.
if i never interviewed i was lied to anybody
if i was interviewed anybody never lied to i
if i was never i interviewed lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody
if was interviewed i never lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to Shunsuke anybody.
if i was interviewed i never lied midde to anybody.
if i was interviewed i never socket lied to anybody.
if i was interviewed i Arcandor never lied to anybody.
if i was interviewed i never consist to anybody.
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
if i was interviewed i ne'er lied to anybody.
0
I'll say no.
no say ill
ill no say
ill no say
no say ill
ill no
say no
no
ill no
i ' ll say Malek no.
Bickford i ' ll say no.
Muscles i ' ll say no.
i ' Kingston ll say no.
i ' ll say no.
one ' ll say no.
i ' ll say no.
i ' ll say no.
1
"I'm going to have to show him my ticket, to prove that I wasn't lying about the airport. "
im going to have to show him my ticket about prove that i wasnt lying to the airport
have going to im to show him my ticket to prove that i wasnt lying about the airport
im going to wasnt to show him my ticket to prove that i have lying about the airport
im going to have to show him my ticket i prove that to wasnt lying about the airport
to to him my ticket to prove i wasnt lying about the airport
im going to have to show him my ticket to prove that wasnt lying about the airport
im going to have to show him my ticket to prove that i wasnt lying about the airport
im going have to show him my ticket to prove that i wasnt lying about the airport
" i ' m going to have to Kristina show him my Ji ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t Peggy lying about the airport. "
" i ' m Goldenkoff going to Pentaho have to show him my ticket, to Subaru prove that i wasn ' t lying about the airport. "
" i ' m going to Prirazlomnoye have to show him David my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t AGAINST lying about the airport. "
" i ' m patrick.graham going Homesickness to mostly have to show him my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lying about the airport. "
" i ' m going to suffer to show him my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lying astir the airport. "
" 1 ' m going to have to point him my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lying about the airport. "
" i ' m going to have to show him my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lie about the airdrome. "
" i ' m going to have to show him my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lying astir the airport. "
0
I'm losing the argument.
losing im the argument
im the losing argument
argument losing the im
im the losing argument
im the argument
im losing the argument
losing the argument
im losing the
i ' Mayor m losing the argument.
Jorge i ' m losing the argument.
Mr i ' m losing the argument.
Expenses i ' m losing the argument.
i ' thousand losing the argument.
i ' thousand losing the argument.
i ' m mislay the argument.
i ' m recede the argument.
2
I'm misquoted.
misquoted im
misquoted im
misquoted im
misquoted im
im misquoted
im
im misquoted
im misquoted
Clive i ' m misquoted.
i ' m Faryar misquoted.
i ' m Rory misquoted.
i ' producer m misquoted.
i ' molarity misquoted.
i ' metre misquoted.
i ' metre misquoted.
i ' m misquote.
2
I'm not going to lie to you and say it's great.
im not going and lie to you to say its great
im not going to lie to and you say its great
im not going to lie to great and say its you
im not going to lie to you and say great its
im going lie to you and say its great
im not going to you and say great
im not going to lie to you and say its great
im not going lie to you and say its great
i ' m Taga not going to lie to you and adviser say it ' s great.
i ' m not going Batty to lie to you and say it ' Al s great.
i ' m not going to lie to you and say Ninh it ' s allowance great.
i ' m not going to lie to you Barbora and enigmatology say it ' s great.
i ' mebibyte not going to lie to you and say it ' s great.
i ' m not going to lie to you and sound out it ' s great.
1 ' m not going to lie to you and say it ' s not bad.
i ' m not going to lie to you and say it ' s not bad.
0
"I'm sorry I lied to you, but I wanted to find someone who loved me for who I am, not for what I may or may not have. "
im sorry i am to you but i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i lied not for what may i or may not have
im sorry i but to you lied i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am not for or i may what may not have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted to find or who loved me have who i am not for what i may someone may not for
im sorry i lied to you who i wanted to find someone but loved i for who i am not for what me may or may not have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am not for what i or may not have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted to find someone who for who i am not for what i may or may not have
im sorry lied to you but i to find someone who loved me for who i am not for what i or may not have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted to find someone who loved for who i am not for what i may or may not have
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, SVRs but CHERIE i wanted to find someone who loved me DMB for who i am, not for tux what i may or may not have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, Frazier but Takiff i wanted to find someone who loved me for Deepali who GROUP i am, not for what i may or may not have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, chickeny but Visit i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i SEI am, not for what i may or may Beisler not have. "
" i ' mounted m sorry i lied to you, SAN but i Beluga wanted Mahir to find someone who loved me for who i am, not for what i may or may not have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i want to find someone who have sex me for who i am, not for what i may oregon may not have. "
" i ' metre sorry i lied to you, but i wanted to find someone who loved maine for who i am, not for what i may or may not let. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i desire to bump someone who loved me for who i am, not for what i may or may not have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am, not for what i crataegus laevigata or crataegus laevigata not have. "
2
I'm tired of lying to you guys.
im tired of you to lying guys
im to of lying tired you guys
im tired lying of to you guys
im tired of lying to guys you
im tired of lying to you guys
im tired of lying you guys
im tired of lying to you guys
tired of lying to guys
Runewaker i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
Mozart i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
i ' m tired of lying QTEL.QA to you guys.
Arke i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
iodin ' m tired of lying to you guys.
i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
0
"In my discussion with the middle school students, I could tell that I was losing the argument."
in school discussion with the middle my students i could tell that i was losing the argument
in my discussion with the middle school students i the tell that i was losing could argument
in my discussion with the middle school students i could tell that i was argument the losing
the my discussion with in middle school students i could tell that i was losing the argument
in my discussion with school students could tell i was losing the argument
in my discussion with the middle students i could tell that i was losing the argument
in discussion with middle students i could tell that i was losing the argument
in my discussion with the middle school students i tell that i was losing the argument
" in my discussion with the middle school Pavilion students, i could tell that i rough was losing Economía the argument. "
" in my discussion with Meeman the middle school students, i could BioWest tell that i was losing the Turtenwald argument. "
" in my Belmopan discussion with the middle school students, Visit i could tell that i was losing Nellie the argument. "
" in my discussion with the middle school students, i Richard could tell that Jessop i Justin was losing the argument. "
" in my discussion with the middle schooling students, i could tell that i was losing the contention. "
" in my treatment with the middle school students, i could tell that i was losing the argument. "
" in my discussion with the middle school educatee, single could tell that i was losing the argument. "
" in my discussion with the middle school students, i could tell that i personify losing the argument. "
2
It is true I lied to them.
it is true to lied i them
it is them i lied to true
it them true i lied to is
it true is i lied to them
it is i lied to them
it is true i to them
it is true lied to them
it is true lied to them
it is true gram i lied to them.
it is Olympic true i lied to them.
it is true i SBINet lied to them.
it is true i lied Flood to them.
it is true i lied to them.
it is true i lied to them.
information technology is true i lied to them.
it represent true i lied to them.
2
"It was a misquote, and the reporter misunderstood what I said. "
it was a misquote said the reporter misunderstood what i and
it was a misquote and the i misunderstood what reporter said
it was a misquote misunderstood the reporter and what i said
it the a misquote and was reporter misunderstood what i said
it a misquote and the reporter misunderstood what i said
was a and the reporter misunderstood what i said
it was a misquote and the reporter what i said
it was a misquote and the reporter misunderstood what i said
" it Jemini was a misquote, and vamp the reporter misunderstood what i said. "
" it Oleh was a misquote, and the reporter KAMAZ misunderstood what i said. "
" it Estus was a misquote, call and the reporter misunderstood what i said. "
" Conjoined it was a misquote, and the reporter misunderstood Bewick what i said. "
" information technology was a misquotation, and the reporter misunderstood what i said. "
" it exist a misquote, and the reporter misapprehend what i said. "
" it was a misquote, and the reporter misunderstood what i tell. "
" it was a misquotation, and the newsman misunderstood what i said. "
2
I've been unable to reach Liu Xia.
ive been reach to unable liu xia
ive been unable to xia liu reach
ive unable been to reach liu xia
ive xia unable to reach liu been
been unable reach liu xia
ive unable to liu xia
ive been unable reach liu xia
ive been unable to reach liu xia
i ' ve been unable Ltd. to reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach RJE liu xia.
i ' Scotch ve been unable to reach liu xia.
i ' ve been Sydney unable to reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach liu xia.
2
"I've never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which I lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period."
ive never been good at it primarily because of greed the delusional accomplished in about i lie to myself which what can be sort within a given period
ive never been good at it primarily sort of greed the delusional because can which i lie to myself about what in be accomplished within a given period
ive never it good been at primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period
ive never been good at it primarily a of about the delusional sort in which i lie to myself greed what can be accomplished within because given period
ive never been good at it primarily because of greed delusional sort in i to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period
ive been good at it primarily because of greed the delusional sort in i to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period
ive never good primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can accomplished within a given period
ive never been good at it primarily because of delusional sort in which i to about what can be accomplished within a given period
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because CVT of greed the delusional sort in which beans i 3nd lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a STAMPS.COM given period. "
" coastguard i ' ve never been good at Shootings it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within ALLIANZ a given Darrell period. "
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because ARLINGTON of Raj greed the delusional sort in which glancing i lie to myself about Karen what can be accomplished within a given period. "
" i ' ve never Khaled been good at Commencement it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about JJC what can be concierge.com accomplished within a given period. "
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because of avaritia the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can live accomplished within a given period. "
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period of time. "
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie in to myself about what can be accomplished within a given geological period. "
" i ' ve never embody good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional variety in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period. "
2
"Later, Kohli said:""I lied to my wife""."
later kohli said i my to lied wife
later my said i lied to kohli wife
said kohli later i lied to my wife
later kohli lied i said to my wife
later kohli said lied my wife
kohli said i lied to my wife
later kohli said lied to my
later kohli said i lied to my wife
" later, Management kohli said: " " i lied to my Mark wife " ". "
" connecting later, kohli said: " " Fibre i lied to my wife " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " i lied AUA to my Cosa wife " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " Simon i lied to Bruny my wife " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " i lied to my wife " ". "
" subsequently, kohli said: " " i lied to my wife " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " i lied to my wife " ". "
" after, kohli said: " " ace lied to my wife " ". "
2
My husband and I fight a lot.
and husband my i fight a lot
my husband and lot fight a i
and husband my i fight a lot
my husband a i fight and lot
my husband i fight a lot
my and i fight a lot
my husband and fight a lot
my and i fight a
my husband Mangal and i fight a lot.
Shawen my husband and i fight a lot.
my husband and i fight a Secure lot.
my Stanulis husband and i fight a lot.
my husband and i fight a lot.
my hubby and i fight a lot.
my husband and i fight a caboodle.
my husband and i fight a fortune.
2
My husband and I have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been interrogation in a running argument about the use of torture in engaged
my husband and i have been engaged in a about argument running the use of torture in interrogation
my husband and i have been engaged in a in argument about the use of torture running interrogation
my husband and i have a engaged in been running argument about the use of torture in interrogation
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument use of torture in interrogation
my husband i have been engaged in a argument about the use of torture interrogation
my husband and have engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation
my husband and i been engaged a running argument about use of torture in interrogation
my husband and Kimberly i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture Ulf in interrogation.
my husband and i have been engaged in a Orbelian running argument about the Reinemer use of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been Mikhail engaged in a running argument about the use of Departmental torture in interrogation.
my husband and Veva i have been engaged in a running argument about the use Lagos of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in query.
my husband and i have been engaged in a working argument about the use of torture in interrogative sentence.
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of agony in interrogation.
my hubby and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation.
2
"No, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that I ended up saying no because I changed my mind."
no it says quite clearly in my autobiography that i i up saying no because ended changed my mind
no it says quite clearly i my autobiography that in ended up saying no because i changed my mind
no it says quite saying in my autobiography that i ended up clearly no because i changed my mind
no clearly says quite it in my autobiography that i ended up saying no because i changed my mind
no it says quite clearly my autobiography that i ended up saying no because changed my mind
no it says clearly my autobiography that i ended up saying no because my mind
no it says quite in my autobiography that i ended saying no because i changed my mind
no it says quite clearly in my autobiography ended up saying no i changed my mind
" no, it says quite clearly Unconditional in NimBUS my autobiography that i ended Oehme up saying no because i changed my mind. "
" no, Einarsdottir it says quite clearly in PLoS my autobiography that striked i ended up saying no because i changed my mind. "
" no, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that compartmentalization i ended Inc. up saying no because i changed my Owlchemy mind. "
" no, it THE says shattering quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up saying no BOND because i changed my mind. "
" no, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up say no because i change my mind. "
" no, it tell quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up saying no because i changed my judgment. "
" no, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up saying no because i commute my mind. "
" no, it enunciate quite clearly in my autobiography that ace ended up saying no because i changed my mind. "
2
"OK, I lied about the prison."
the i lied about ok prison
ok i lied the about prison
ok i lied about prison the
about i lied ok the prison
ok lied the prison
ok i lied about the
ok i lied about the prison
ok i lied about the
" ok, Avenida i lied about the prison. "
" ok, Techy i lied about the prison. "
" ok, i lied about SuzAnne the prison. "
" ok, i lied gun about the prison. "
" sooner state, i lied about the prison. "
" ok, i lied astir the prison. "
" ok, i rest about the prison. "
" sooner state, i lied about the prison. "
2
"Says Maupin:""I went through a lot of pain during the Rock Hudson episode, because I felt completely misunderstood""."
says maupin i went through a lot of pain during the misunderstood hudson episode because i felt completely rock
says maupin i went through a i of pain during the rock hudson episode because lot felt completely misunderstood
says maupin hudson went through a lot of pain during the rock i episode because i felt completely misunderstood
misunderstood maupin i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because i felt completely says
says maupin i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because i felt completely misunderstood
says maupin i went a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because felt completely misunderstood
maupin i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because i felt completely misunderstood
says maupin i went through lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because felt completely misunderstood
" says maupin: " " i went through Memphis a lot of Nearest pain islamist during the rock hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" says camellia maupin: " " i went through a lot of pain during the rock Wee hudson episode, because i Newsday.com felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" Pillage says IEEE maupin: " " i went Renault through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " i went through Honda a lot of pain Bakornas during the Plenty rock hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" allege maupin: " " i went through a lot of botheration during the rock hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " iodine went done a lot of pain during the rock candy hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " i went through a mass of pain during the rock hudson installment, because i feel completely misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode, because i felt wholly misunderstood " ". "
2
"She insisted ""I am not lying to this committee."""
am insisted i she not lying to this committee
she insisted i am not committee to this lying
she insisted this am not lying to i committee
she insisted i am this lying to not committee
she insisted i am not lying to this committee
she insisted i am not lying to
she insisted i am not lying to this committee
she insisted i am not lying to this committee
" she Reorganization insisted " " i am not lying to this Carmen committee. " " "
" she Ustyurt insisted " " i am not human lying to this committee. " " "
" she insisted " " i slippery am Luxoft not lying to this committee. " " "
" Airstream she insisted " " Daniel i am not lying to this committee. " " "
" she insisted " " i exist not lying to this committee. " " "
" she insisted " " i am not lying to this commission. " " "
" she insisted " " i am non lying to this committee. " " "
" she insisted " " one am non lying to this committee. " " "
0
"She said ""Of course, you know, I'm really so misunderstood."""
she said of course so know im really you misunderstood
she said im course you know of really so misunderstood
she said of course you know really im so misunderstood
said she of course you know im really so misunderstood
she said of course you know im really so misunderstood
she said of course know im really so misunderstood
she said of you know im really misunderstood
said of course you know im really so misunderstood
" she Shoda said " " Poconos of course, you know, i ' NSDQ m really so misunderstood. " " "
" she -6 said " " Nordmeyer of course, you know, i ' m really Ravi so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " Officer of course, you know, i ' m really influence so CABINS misunderstood. " " "
" @ she said " " of Milev course, you know, i ' NAIAS m really so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of class, you know, i ' m really so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of course, you know, i ' mb really so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of course, you have intercourse, i ' yard really so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of course, you know, i ' meter really so misunderstood. " " "
2
"Sir, I lied about myself."
myself i lied about sir
i sir lied about myself
sir i about lied myself
sir i myself about lied
sir i lied myself
i lied about
sir i lied about myself
sir i lied about
" sir, i lied about Roger myself. "
" sir, Kokanovic i lied about myself. "
" spokesman sir, i lied about myself. "
" sir, i lied CNC about myself. "
" sir, i lied about myself. "
" sir, i lied astir myself. "
" sir, i lie in about myself. "
" sir, i lied about myself. "
2
"So then they suggested we go to my house, and I said no again."
so then they suggested house go to my we and i said no again
so then they suggested we go to my house and i no said again
so suggested they then we go to my house and i said no again
so then they suggested we no to my house and i said go again
so then they suggested we go my house and i said no again
so then they suggested we go to my house and i said no again
so then they suggested we go my house and said no again
so then they we go to my house and i said no again
" so then Tinggal they suggested we go to my house, yr and i said no again. "
" so shadchan then they suggested we go to my losse house, and i said no again. "
" so then they suggested antihistamine we go to my Herald house, and i said no again. "
" so Leg then they suggested we go Ceasar to my house, and i said no again. "
" so then they suggested we go to my menage, and i said no again. "
" so and then they suggested we go to my house, and i said no again. "
" so then they suggested we last to my house, and i said no once again. "
" so then they suggested we drop dead to my house, and i said no once again. "
2
Some misunderstood what I meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy my in inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy my in inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in speech inauguration my
some misunderstood what i meant democracy by in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech
some i by democracy in my inauguration speech
misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what Deconstructing i meant ELECTS by democracy in my inauguration speech.
Latta some misunderstood what OIDB i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood Foxy what i meant by democracy in my inauguration uncivil speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by pagdating democracy in my developer inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech communication.
some misunderstood what i intend by democracy in my inauguration speech.
2
Sometimes I lie to myself.
i sometimes lie to myself
sometimes lie i to myself
sometimes i lie to myself
i sometimes lie to myself
sometimes i lie to myself
sometimes i lie to myself
sometimes i lie to myself
sometimes i lie to myself
sometimes i BPs lie to myself.
sometimes Sup i lie to myself.
sometimes i Cukar lie to myself.
sometimes i ected lie to myself.
sometimes one lie to myself.
sometimes ane lie to myself.
sometimes i lie to myself.
sometimes one lie to myself.
2
"Still on the message board Friday night, one note to Stinnett from 'Darlene' said ""I was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email""."
still on the message note friday been one was to stinnett from darlene said i board recommended to you and have night unable to reach you by either phone or email
still on the message board friday night one note to stinnett from and to i was recommended said you darlene to been unable have reach you by either phone or email
still darlene the message board friday night one and to stinnett from on said i was recommended to you note have been unable to reach you by either phone email or
still on the message board friday night one note to stinnett from darlene recommended i was been to you and email said unable to reach you by either phone or have
still on the message board friday night one stinnett from darlene said i was to you and have been unable to you by either phone or email
still on the message board night one note to stinnett from darlene said i was recommended to you and been unable to reach you by either phone or email
still on message board friday one note to stinnett from said i was to you and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email
still on the message board friday night one note to stinnett from darlene said i was recommended to you and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email
" still on the AdAware message board friday Recreation night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i was recommended to Joseba you: and have been unable to reach you by resculpted either phone or Despierta email " ". "
" still on the message board friday night, one note blood to Durrat stinnett from ' bloody darlene ' said " " i was recommended to supervisor you: and have been unable to reach you by either Hargill phone or email " ". "
" still on maker the message Breakbulk board friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i was Pardeli recommended St. to you: and have been Sugarloaf unable to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
" still on the message board friday night, one note Trish to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i CPRM was recommended to you: and have Epson been 5g unable to reach you by either phone or older email " ". "
" still on the substance board friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i was recommended to you: and have been ineffectual to reach you by either phone beaver state electronic mail " ". "
" nevertheless on the message board friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " iodin was recommended to you: and make represent unable to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
" still on the message circuit card friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
" still on the subject matter board friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i be recommended to you: and have make up ineffectual to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
2
That's the only thing I lie about is years.
thats the only lie i thing about is years
thats the about thing i lie only is years
is the only thing i lie about thats years
thats the i thing only lie about is years
thats only thing i lie about is years
thats only thing i about is years
thats the only thing i lie about is years
thats the only thing i lie about is years
that ' s the only thing Jeremy i lie circus about is years.
that ' ####,######,## s the only thing i lie about Beading is years.
that ' s the only Kirk thing i lie about Boss is years.
that ' Developmental s the only thing i lie about Celebrity is years.
that ' s the only matter single lie about is years.
that ' s the only matter single lie about is years.
that ' s the only thing i lie about live years.
that ' s the only thing single lie about is years.
2
"The witness replied:""I lied about myself."""
about witness replied i lied the myself
the witness replied i lied myself about
the witness replied lied i about myself
the witness replied i myself about lied
the witness replied i lied about myself
the witness replied i lied about myself
the witness replied lied about myself
the witness replied lied about myself
" the MENOPUR witness replied: " " i lied about McHale myself. " " "
" the witness Elusive replied: " " Kanungu i lied about myself. " " "
" the Draco witness replied: " " Regulation i lied about myself. " " "
" the witness COACH replied: " " i Nihonmatsu lied about myself. " " "
" the witness replied: " " iodin lied astir myself. " " "
" the looker replied: " " i consist about myself. " " "
" the witness replied: " " iodin lied about myself. " " "
" the witness reply: " " i lied astir myself. " " "
2
There is just one problem: I lied about my age when I first applied for the job because of age-discrimination fears.
there is just one problem i lied about fears age applied i first when for the job because of age discrimination my
fears is problem one just i lied about my age when i first applied for the job because of age discrimination there
there is just one problem i i about my age when fears first applied for the job because of age discrimination lied
there lied just one problem i is about because age when i first applied for the job my of age discrimination fears
there is just one problem i lied about my age when i first applied for the job because age discrimination fears
there is just one problem i lied about age when i first applied for the job because of age discrimination fears
there is one problem i lied about my age i first applied for the because of age fears
there is just one i lied about my age when i first applied for the job of age fears
there is just one Grooving problem: i lied seater about my age when i first applied for the job because Snorri of age - discrimination fears.
there biomathematics is just one Embarks problem: i lied about my age when i first Cichon applied for the job because of age - discrimination fears.
there is just one problem: i lied about my age when i FightTicker.com first applied AT for the job because HighMark of age - discrimination fears.
there is just one problem: plunk i lied about my age when i Montclair first applied for the Karush job because of age - discrimination fears.
there is just now one job: i lied about my age when i first applied for the job because of age - discrimination fears.
there is just 1 problem: i lied about my eld when i first applied for the line of work because of age - discrimination fears.
there is just unrivalled problem: i rest about my age when i first of all applied for the job because of age - discrimination fears.
there is just one problem: i lied about my age when i foremost applied for the job because of age - discrimination awe.
2
They'd become more active when I lied about taking the watch than when I truthfully denied taking the ring.
theyd become more active when i lied about taking the taking than when i truthfully denied watch the ring
theyd become more active when i lied about taking the watch than when truthfully i denied taking the ring
active become more theyd when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring
theyd become more than when i lied about taking the watch active when i truthfully denied taking the ring
theyd become more active when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully taking the ring
theyd more active i lied taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring
become more active when i lied about taking the watch when i truthfully denied taking the ring
become more active when i taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring
they ' d become more active when i lied about taking XRF the watch than when i truthfully Islington denied Carl taking the ring.
they ' d become more active herd when i lied about taking the watch than Fully when i truthfully Daraa denied taking the ring.
Michael they ' d become more active when i lied about taking the watch IN than when i truthfully denied taking mellower the ring.
they ' Daringibadi d become more active bets when i lied ABC about taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring.
they ' d become more active when i lied astir taking the watch than when i truthfully deny taking the ring.
they ' d become to a greater extent active when i rest astir taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring.
they ' d become more active when i consist about taking the lookout than when i truthfully denied taking the ring.
they ' d become to a greater extent active when i lied about take on the watch than when one truthfully denied taking the ring.
2
"Today I will say no: I can't, it's impossible."
today i will say i no cant its impossible
today i its say no i cant will impossible
today say will i no i cant its impossible
impossible i will say no i cant its today
today i will say no i cant its impossible
today i will say no i cant its impossible
today i will no i its impossible
today i will say no i cant its impossible
" today Frank i will say no: i can ' t, it ' s Sidney impossible. "
" today i will Barry say Kahnawake no: i can ' t, it ' s impossible. "
" today i Advaxis will J. say no: i can ' t, it ' s impossible. "
" What's today i will say no: Reuveni i can ' t, it ' s impossible. "
" today i will say no: i tush ' metric ton, it ' s impossible. "
" today i will say no: i can ' t, information technology ' s unacceptable. "
" today i will say no: i can ' t, it ' s impossible. "
" today i will allege no: i can ' t, it ' s impossible. "
1
"Well, I no longer lie about the fact that I've done quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard. "
well i no fact that about the longer lie ive done quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard
well ive no longer lie as the fact that i done quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it about a springboard
done i no longer lie about the fact that ive might quite a lot of work and that we well as well use it as a springboard
well i no longer lie about the fact a ive done quite a lot of work and that as might we well use it as that springboard
well i no lie about the fact that ive done quite a lot of work and that we as well use it as a springboard
well i no longer lie about the fact that ive quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard
well no longer lie about the that done quite a lot work and that we might well use it as a springboard
i no lie about the fact that ive done quite a lot of work and we might as well use it as springboard
" Lifeline well, i no longer Mich lie about the fact that Drivelogic i ' ve done quite a lot of OUMA work and that we might as well use it as a springboard. "
" well, Igel i no Hosoda longer lie Daily about the fact that i ' ve done Forrester quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie about the fact Gaweseb that i ' ve done quite a lot of work and wirehouse that we might as well Quillon use it Weichert as a springboard. "
" well, i Runnegar no longer lie Franklin about the fact that i ' ve Brian done quite a lot of work Peter and that we might as well use it as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie about the fact that i ' ve done quite a lot of work and that we might as well habituate information technology as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie in about the fact that i ' ve done quite a lot of work and that we might as well use information technology as a point of departure. "
" well, i no longer lie astir the fact that atomic number 53 ' ve done quite a lot of work and that we might as considerably use it as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie about the fact that i ' ve done quite a lot of work and that we mightiness equally well use it as a springboard. "
0
We're going on vacation next week and I'm already getting a little panicky because I know my husband and I will have that argument again.
getting going next vacation on week and im already were a little panicky because i know my husband and i will have that argument again
vacation going on were next week and im already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i will have that argument again
were going on vacation next have and and already getting a little panicky because i know my husband im i will week that argument again
were going on vacation next again and will already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i im have that argument week
were going on vacation next and im already getting a little panicky i know my husband and i will have that argument again
were going on vacation next week and im already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and will that again
were going on vacation next week and im already getting a little panicky because know my husband and i will have that argument again
were going on vacation next week and im already getting a little panicky i know husband and will have that argument again
we ' re going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky Chadds because i know my husband and i will have #.#.#b# that argument Hodgskiss again.
we ' re going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because Marcus i know my husband and i CORBIN will nga have that argument again.
we ' re going Berkley on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i will have that rhapsodizes argument Minister again.
we ' re going frigate on vacation next week and i ' Desarollo m Polly already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i will have that argument again.
we ' re move on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because i know my married man and i will have that argument again.
we ' re going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a small panicky because i know my married man and i will have that argument again.
we ' rhenium going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because unity know my husband and i will have that argument again.
we ' re going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panic struck because ace know my husband and i will have that argument again.
1
What I said was completely misunderstood.
said i what was completely misunderstood
what misunderstood said was completely i
what was said i completely misunderstood
said i what was completely misunderstood
i said completely misunderstood
what i was completely
what i said was completely
i said was completely misunderstood
what i said was completely fox misunderstood.
what i said Majestic was completely misunderstood.
what i said was Pulsed completely misunderstood.
what 3D i said was completely misunderstood.
what i said was all misunderstood.
what i said was completely misunderstood.
what 1 said was completely misunderstood.
what i said be completely misunderstood.
2
"What I said was misunderstood at Sunderland, and I want to apologise but when I say that he deserves better I mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities."
was i said what misunderstood at sunderland and i want to apologise with when i i that he deserves better say mean it in uniquely but regards to sporting opportunities
what i said was misunderstood at uniquely and i want to apologise i when but say that he deserves better sunderland mean it in i with regards to sporting opportunities
what i said uniquely misunderstood at sunderland and i that to apologise but when i say want was deserves better i mean it in he with regards to sporting opportunities
what i said was opportunities at sunderland and i misunderstood to apologise but when i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with want to sporting regards
what i said misunderstood sunderland and i want to but when i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards sporting opportunities
what i said was misunderstood at sunderland and i want to but when say he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities
what i said was misunderstood sunderland and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserves better i mean it uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities
what i said was misunderstood sunderland and i want to apologise but i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely regards to sporting opportunities
" what i said was misunderstood at sunderland, DSPD and i Grafton want to apologise but Converter when i say that he deserves better Kerin i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
" what i Assam said was misunderstood at sunderland, and Michael i want to minimally apologise Weismann but when i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
" what i said was misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to Khan apologise but when i say that he deserves better i midfielder mean it in WEBSTER uniquely with regards Verena to sporting opportunities. "
" what i said populi was misunderstood at sunderland, and Carbon i want to apologise but when i say that he 4TROOPS deserves Automotive better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
" what 1 said was misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with wish to sporting opportunities. "
" what i aver be misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserve better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
" what i state be misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when i say that helium deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
" what i said was misunderstood at sunderland, and i need to apologise but when 1 say that he deserves good i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
2
"Whatever I did, I lied to myself."
whatever i did i myself to lied
whatever myself did i lied to i
whatever i i did lied to myself
whatever i did i lied to myself
did i lied to myself
whatever i did i lied to myself
whatever i did i lied myself
whatever i did i lied myself
" whatever i did, i Rhonda lied Aleksandar to myself. "
" whatever Battling i PlatePass did, i lied to myself. "
" Masked whatever Monojit i did, i lied to myself. "
" whatever i did, Makhenkesi i lied to Brake myself. "
" whatsoever i did, i lied to myself. "
" whatever i did, i lied to myself. "
" whatever i did, i lie to myself. "
" whatever i do, i lied to myself. "
2
When I got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife who a wonderful cook we would argue over is would do dishes
when i got we though my wife is a wonderful cook married would argue over who would do dishes
when is got married though my wife i a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes
when i got married though my we is a wonderful cook wife would argue over who would do dishes
when i got though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over would do dishes
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes
when i got married though my wife a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes
when i got married though my is a we would argue over who would do dishes
when i got married though my Brett wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would Mayor do dishes.
when i got married though my wife is a Trauber wonderful cook we would San argue over who would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife Navfor is a wonderful cook we would argue over Councillor who would do dishes.
when i Fred got married though my wife Tyler is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
when i got matrimonial though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over world health organization would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful captain james cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
when i got married though my married woman is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would get along dishes.
when i got married though my wife be a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
2
"When I speak I am misunderstood said General Yasar Buyukanit, cited by CNN-Turk and NTV television."
when i speak i am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit turk by cnn cited and ntv television
when said speak i am misunderstood i general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv television
when i speak i am misunderstood turk general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn said and ntv television
when i speak i am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv television
when i speak misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv television
i speak i am misunderstood said general yasar cited by cnn turk ntv television
when i speak am misunderstood said yasar buyukanit by cnn turk ntv television
when i speak i am said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv television
" when Shaftoe i speak i am misunderstood said CALLED general yasar buyukanit, Masselli cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when i speak i am misunderstood Edong said general yasar unarmed buyukanit, shambling cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when i speak Ronnie i am misunderstood said interview general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk Bhanuka and ntv television. "
" when i speak i am misunderstood said general Hannu yasar Khamis buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk ESPS and ntv television. "
" when iodine speak atomic number 53 am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when i speak i am misunderstood enounce general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when iodine speak atomic number 53 am misunderstood said universal yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when i speak atomic number 53 be misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
2
"Yes, we've argued with one another, but I've also argued with my wife, and we've been married for 45 years. "
ive weve argued with one another but years also argued with my wife and weve been married for 45 yes
yes weve argued with one another and ive also argued with my wife but weve been married for 45 years
ive weve argued with one another wife yes also argued with my but and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued with one another argued ive also my with but wife and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued another but ive also argued my wife and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued with one another but ive also with my wife and weve been married for 45 years
weve with another but ive also argued with my wife and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued with one another but ive argued with my wife and weve been married for 45 years
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' tight ve also argued FS2Crew with my wife, and we ' ve been baseman married mango for 45 years. "
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' ve Sofitel also annualized argued with my Faris wife, Bakon and we ' ve been married for 45 years. "
" spank yes, we ' ve Loch argued with one another, but i ' Eastman ve also argued with my wife, and we ' ve DIVA been married for 45 years. "
" yes, Sambhar we ' ve argued Michael with one another, but i ' ve also argued with unflinchingly my wife, and we ' ve been married for hairstyling 45 years. "
" yes, we ' ve indicate with one another, but i ' ve besides argued with my wife, and we ' ve been married for 45 years. "
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' ve also argue with my wife, and we ' ve been married for 45 year. "
" yes, we ' ve argue with one another, merely i ' ve also argued with my wife, and we ' ve been married for 45 years. "
" yes, we ' ve fence with one another, simply i ' ve also argue with my wife, and we ' ve been married for 45 years. "
2
You are the only person in the world I have never told a lie to and never will.
only are the you person in the world i have never told a lie to and never will
you are the to person in the world i have never told a lie only and never will
you are the only person in the world i have never told and lie to a never will
you are the only told in the world i have never person a lie to and never will
you the only person in the world i have never told a lie to and never will
you are the only person in the world i have never told a lie to and never will
you the only person in the world i never told a lie and never will
you are only person in the world i never told lie to and never will
you are the only person StarBak in the Kusumo world i have never told a lie to and never will.
you are the only person in the world ARMY i have never told a Chitrangda lie to and never will.
you are Sonoro the only person in the world i have never told a lie Perdigão to and never will.
Lenfant you are the only person Mehlville in the world i have never told a lie to and never will.
you are the only person in the humankind i have never told a lie to and never will.
you are the only person in the world single have never order a lie to and never will.
you are the solitary person in the world i have ne'er told a lie to and never will.
you are the lone person in the world i have never told a prevarication to and never will.
0
"And because I want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my Olympic Games, I went to the dentist to get it repaired he said."
and i because want to pictures nice have and happy memories of my olympic games i went to the dentist to get it repaired he said
and to i want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic said i went because the dentist to get it repaired he games
and because i want repaired have olympic pictures and happy memories of my nice games i went to the dentist to get it to he said
and because of want to have nice pictures and happy memories i the olympic games i went to my dentist to get it repaired he said
and because i want to have pictures and happy memories of my olympic games i went to the dentist to get it repaired he said
and because i want to have nice pictures and of my olympic games i to the dentist to get it repaired he said
and because i want to have nice pictures and memories of my olympic games i went the dentist to get it repaired he
and because i want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic games i went to the dentist get it repaired he said
" and because i want to have nice pictures Saevre and happy memories of my olympic games, i SpectraLink went to the dentist to get it repaired Kudva he said. "
" and because i Exc want to have nice pictures and happy LIMITED memories of my olympic games, i went to the Management dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" and because i Remuneration want to have nice pictures Focke and happy memories of my olympic games, i went to the Zurab dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" AmeriChip and because i want to have nice pictures and Ramu happy memories of my olympic games, i went to the dentist to get it Luke repaired he said. "
" and because i want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic games, i went to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" and because one need to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic games, i went to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" and because i need to have nice word picture and happy memories of my olympic games, ane went to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" and because ace want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic games, 1 went to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
2
"And we can go to hospital, but I don't want to humiliate you Watts said."
said we can go to hospital but i dont want to humiliate you watts and
and we can go to said but i dont want to humiliate you watts hospital
and we can go to said but i dont want to humiliate you watts hospital
and we can go to hospital but i dont want to you humiliate watts said
and we can go to hospital but i dont want to you watts said
and we go hospital but i dont want to humiliate watts
and can go to hospital but i dont want to humiliate you watts said
and we can go hospital but i dont want to humiliate you watts
" and we can Rainier go to hospital, but i don ' Doppelgangers t WARW want to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we Agent can go Philip to hospital, but Crespi i don ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
" Hesham and wide we can go Pro to hospital, but i don ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we Maj. can go to hospital, Pitti but i don ' t want to device humiliate you watts said. "
" and we can go away to hospital, but i father ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we can go to hospital, but i don ' t want to humble you watts said. "
" and we can buy the farm to hospital, but i don ' t desire to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we can go to hospital, but one don ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
1
I can go into any restaurant in Europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go into europe restaurant in any and order smuggled caviar he said
i can go into any restaurant in europe he order smuggled caviar and said
i can go into any restaurant in europe and order said caviar he smuggled
any can go into i restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said
i can go into any restaurant in europe and smuggled caviar he said
i can go into restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said
i can go into any restaurant in and order smuggled he
i go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said
i can go Najma into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar workshopped he said.
i can go into any restaurant Weideman in europe and order smuggled caviar he Darien said.
i can fatty go Mile into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go Burry into any restaurant in Dr europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go into any eatery in europe and ordering smuggled caviar he said.
i tail go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
iodin can go into any eatery in europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
1
I could take the boys to the sports museum says James
i could museum the boys to the sports take says james
i could take museum boys to the sports the says james
i could take the boys to the sports says museum james
i could take the boys to sports the museum says james
i could take the boys to the sports museum james
i could take the boys to the sports museum says james
i could take the to the sports museum says james
i could the boys to sports museum says james
i could harmonized take the boys to QUEST the sports museum says james
i could take the boys to the ™ sports housemate museum says james
i could take the boys to the lifts sports museum says Penasquito james
i Wahidul could Qasim take the boys to the sports museum says james
i could take the boys to the sports museum says james
iodin could take the boys to the sports museum says james
i could take the boy to the sports museum says james river
atomic number 53 could take the boys to the sports museum says james
1
I had gone to the morgue to view the bodies Khalilzad said.
i had gone morgue the to to view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone said the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad to
i bodies gone to the morgue to view the had khalilzad said
i had to to the morgue gone view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone to the to view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone to the morgue to the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone to the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone to the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad
i Nugget had gone to tick the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad said.
i had gone to the morgue to informational view the bodies Kuchtova khalilzad said.
i had gone to the VimpelCom morgue to view the Schoofs bodies khalilzad said.
i had gone to Molly the morgue to view the bodies Sobkowski khalilzad said.
unity had gone to the morgue to view the consistence khalilzad said.
1 had gone to the mortuary to view the bodies khalilzad said.
i have gone to the morgue to consider the bodies khalilzad said.
i had gone to the mortuary to view the consistence khalilzad said.
2
"I keep going to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when I last saw them said Fejzic, whose 16-year-old son was wrested from her embrace by Bosnian Serb soldiers after they captured the former Muslim enclave."
i keep after to every new them grave to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with mass when i last saw going said 16 they fejzic year old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers them whose captured the former muslim enclave
i last going to every new mass grave whose i morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes every anything they had with them when or keep saw enclave said fejzic to 16 year old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim them
i keep going to every to mass grave new every morgue son hope to recognize remains the serb clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic whose 16 year old in was after from her embrace by bosnian of soldiers wrested they captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every new embrace grave to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of after or anything they had with them when them year saw i said fejzic whose 16 last old son was wrested from her mass by bosnian muslim soldiers clothes they captured the former serb enclave
i keep to every new mass grave to morgue in hope to recognize remains of clothes or anything they had with them when last saw them said fejzic whose year son was wrested from embrace by bosnian soldiers captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every new mass grave to morgue in to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said whose 16 year old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every new mass grave to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic whose 16 year old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave
i going to every new mass grave to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said 16 year old son was from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim
" i keep going to REWARD every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize Transformation the remains of clothes or anything they had McGregor with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured Phillipe the former ##m muslim Bullhead enclave. "
" i keep going to every Mamgai new mass Cheryl grave, to Bobby every morgue in hope to voting recognize the remains of clothes Hedging or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from GENETICALLY her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize Azuma the remains of clothes or Milwaukee anything they had with them Tamahori when i last saw them Kingman said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son bloody was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb Sobini soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going to McDougal every new mass Fatally grave, to every morgue in hope Shaine to recognize Nestlé the remains of clothes or anything roasted they had with them when i last Chocachatti saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep pop off to every new mass grave, to every morgue in leslie townes hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when one last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old word was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going to every new mass grave accent, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of wearing apparel or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son be wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i maintain going to every modern mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they appropriate the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going to every new mass grave, to every dead room in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them aver fejzic, whose xvi - year - old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
2
"I visited the Kennedy Library and then I visited the Holocaust Museum and I saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people Maida said."
i maida the the library and then i visited the holocaust museum and i saw how of told kennedy story they an event and what an impact that has had on people visited said
i visited the kennedy library the then i visited said holocaust museum and i saw how they told the impact of an event and what an story that has had on people maida and
i visited the visited library and holocaust i kennedy the then museum and of saw how they told the story i an event and what an impact that has had on people maida said
i visited the kennedy that and then i visited and holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an event the what an impact library has had on said maida people
i visited kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of event and what an impact that has had on people said
i visited the kennedy library and then visited the holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an event and what an has on people maida said
i visited the kennedy library then i visited the holocaust museum and i saw how they told the of an event and what an impact that has had on people maida said
i the kennedy library and i visited the holocaust museum i saw how they told story of an event and what an impact that has had on people maida said
" i visited Compulsory the kennedy library and then i visited Codependents the holocaust museum and i saw Alburys how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on -##,### people maida said. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited Pawliuk the incarcerator holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an Postier event, and what acronym an impact that has had on people maida said. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust kicker museum and i saw how they told the mexico story of Tawanda an event, and what an impact that has had on people Kinotavr maida said. "
" i visited the Olusegun kennedy library Barbara and then i visited the holocaust museum and antler i saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people CTI maida said. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an event, and what an encroachment that has had on people maida articulate. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum and 1 saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has have on people maida said. "
" i visited the jfk subroutine library and then i visited the holocaust museum and atomic number 53 saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people maida said. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people maida articulate. "
0
"I went to the dentist in Tijuana this morning and I don't care about that flu said Christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name."
i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i 60s care about that said flu christy a her in her dont who would not give woman full name
i went said the dentist in tijuana this morning her i dont care about that christy to flu a woman in and 60s who would not give her full name
i went to the would her tijuana this morning and i dont care about that flu said christy a woman in her name who dentist not give in full 60s
dentist went in the i in full this morning and i dont care about that flu said christy a woman to her 60s who would not give her tijuana name
i went to the dentist in tijuana morning and i dont care about that flu said christy a woman in her 60s who would not her name
i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i dont care about that flu said christy a woman in her 60s who would her full name
i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and dont care about that flu said a woman in her 60s who would not give full name
i went the dentist in tijuana this morning and i dont about that flu said christy a woman in 60s who would not give her full name
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning Noise and Sparrowtech i Great don ' t care about that flu said christy, a woman in her 60s who Bonnani would not give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist NYC in tijuana +##-###-##-##### this morning and i don ' t care about that flu said christy, a woman FANNIE in her 60s who would not give her full LABOURER name. "
" i went to Okunowo the dentist in interpolated tijuana this morning and i don ' t care about that flu said christy, Daren a woman in her 60s who Cartooning would not give her full name. "
" i went Shentong to the Lightning dentist in tijuana this morning and i don ' t care Wigeon about that flu said christy, a woman in her 60s who would not Johnny give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i put on ' t care about that flu said christy, a adult female in her 60s who would not give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i get into ' t concern about that flu said christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i get into ' t care about that flu said christy, a woman in her 60s world health organization would not give her full name. "
" iodine went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i don ' t fear about that flu said christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give way her full name. "
2
I went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if I was playing Nadal said.
i went could the doctor and he told me the injury to worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me could injury the worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told the me injury could worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could if worsen i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the and he told me injury worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told the worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen Fischoff if i was playing nadal USEconomic said.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury Rep. could worsen if i was WANG playing nadal said.
i went to the doctor and he told admittedly me the injury could worsen AAP if i was playing nadal said.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i LORNE was playing Pediatric nadal said.
i went to the doctor and atomic number 2 told me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal enounce.
one went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if iodine was playing nadal said.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could decline if i was playing nadal say.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if unity was work nadal said.
2
I went to the doctors and it's getting a lot better she said.
i went to the doctors lot its getting a and better she said
i went said the doctors and its getting a lot better she to
i went to the doctors and she getting a lot better its said
i went she the doctors and its getting a lot better to said
i went to the doctors and its getting a lot better she said
i went to the doctors and its getting a lot better she
i to the doctors and its getting a lot better she said
i went to the doctors and its getting a lot better she said
i went to the ##:## doctors and it ' Khaled s getting a lot better she said.
i went to the doctors and it ' s getting a fiance lot Troster better she said.
i www.seacoastrep.org went to the doctors and it ' s Jytte getting a lot better she said.
aloo i went Sankranti to the doctors and it ' s getting a lot better she said.
i went to the dr. and it ' s getting a lot better she said.
i went to the doctors and it ' s getting a bunch better she said.
i went to the md and it ' s getting a lot better she said.
i went to the doctors and information technology ' s getting a destiny better she said.
2
"If I go to a restaurant, do I make sure all the waiters there are all legal? How would I do that? the former Massachusetts governor asked."
if sure go to a restaurant do i make i all the waiters there are all governor how would i do that the former massachusetts legal asked
if i go to the restaurant do i make sure all all waiters there are a legal how would i do that the former massachusetts governor asked
if i go to a restaurant do i make sure all the waiters would are i legal how there all do that the former massachusetts governor asked
if i go to are restaurant do i make sure all the waiters there a all legal how would i the that do former massachusetts governor asked
if i go a restaurant do i make sure all the waiters there all legal how would i do that the former massachusetts governor asked
if i go to a restaurant do i make sure all the there are all legal how would i do that the former massachusetts governor asked
if i go to a restaurant do i make sure all the waiters there are legal how would i do that the former massachusetts governor asked
if i go to a restaurant do i make sure the waiters there are all legal how would do that the former massachusetts governor asked
" if i go Forrester to a Photos restaurant, do i make sure all the waiters there are all legal? how would i do PRODUCTS that? MINSTER the former massachusetts governor asked. "
" if i go to king a restaurant, do i Oman make sure all the waiters there are all legal? how would i do that? the ® former actor massachusetts governor asked. "
" if i NINETEENTH go to a restaurant, do i make sure all the waiters smoked there are Forbes all legal? how would i By do that? the former massachusetts governor asked. "
" CAMILO if i go to a restaurant, do PetroMENA i make sure all the waiters there are all legal? how would Gary i do that? the former massachusetts governor Aderemi asked. "
" if one go to a eating house, do i make sure all the waiter there are all legal? how would i do that? the former old colony governor asked. "
" if ane go to a restaurant, do i realize certain all the waiters there are all legal? how would i do that? the one time massachusetts governor asked. "
" if i die to a restaurant, do i make certain all the waiters thither are all legal? how would i do that? the former massachusetts governor asked. "
" if i go to a restaurant, do single make sure whole the waiters there are all legal? how would i do that? the former massachusetts governor require. "
1
"I'll take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that's all I've got planned for the holidays he said."
ill take my girlfriend out to eat at restaurant a but thats all said got planned for the holidays he ive
ill take but girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant my thats all ive got planned for holidays the he said
ill take my girlfriend out ive eat at a restaurant but holidays all to got planned for the thats he said
said take my girlfriend out to eat he a restaurant but thats all ive got planned for the holidays at ill
ill take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant but thats all ive got for the holidays he said
take my girlfriend out to eat a restaurant but thats all ive got planned for the holidays he said
ill take my out to at a but thats all ive got for the holidays he said
ill take my out to eat at a restaurant but thats all ive got planned for the holidays he said
" i ' ll take my girlfriend Yasir out to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all UCSF i ' ve got planned for the Donnell holidays Tekautz he said. "
" Yunnan i ' Derek ll take my girlfriend out to dielectric eat at a restaurant, but that ' Shoe s all i ' ve got planned for the holidays he said. "
" i ' ll take micron my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, carabaos but that ' Prada s all i ' ve DeGroot got planned for the holidays he said. "
" i ' ll take my girlfriend out to eat & at a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' Webkinz ve Alar got Nautor planned for the holidays he said. "
" i ' ll train my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve got planned for the holidays atomic number 2 said. "
" i ' ll convey my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve sustain planned for the holidays atomic number 2 said. "
" i ' ll hire my girlfriend verboten to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve get planned for the holidays he said. "
" i ' ll take my girl out to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve got planned for the holiday he said. "
1
I'm going to see a doctor soon and we'll see what we can do Kiefer told reporters.
im do to see a doctor soon and well see what we can going kiefer told reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and told see what we can do kiefer well reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and told see what we can do kiefer well reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well see what we kiefer do can told reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well see what we can do told reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well see what we can do told reporters
im going to see doctor soon and well see what we can do told reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well see we can do kiefer told reporters
i ' m going Imbili to see a doctor soon and we ' ll see what we Brad can do Aluminum kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to see a doctor soon and we ' ll Hamburgers see what we can do Condoms kiefer told Canisius reporters.
i ' m going to Alessandro see a Gayflor doctor soon and we ' ll see Etobicoke what we can do kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to see a doctor soon and we ' ll see heroine what we can James do GROHL kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to see a medico soon and we ' ll see what we can do kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to take care a doctor before long and we ' ll see what we can act kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to see a doc soon and we ' ll see what we can do kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to examine a doctor soon and we ' ll see what we can do kiefer told newsman.
1
I'm going to the dentist Irv says.
im irv to the dentist going says
the going to im dentist irv says
says going to the dentist irv im
im to going the dentist irv says
going to the irv says
im going to the dentist irv says
im going to the dentist irv says
im going to the dentist irv says
i ' m going to Comverse the dentist irv says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv Tell says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv Mark says.
i ' m going Mt to the dentist irv says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv says.
i ' m going to the tooth doctor irv says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv says.
2
I'm on my way to the dentist Marzel joked.
im on joked way to the dentist marzel my
im on my way to dentist the marzel joked
im on marzel way to the dentist my joked
way on my im to the dentist marzel joked
on my way to the dentist marzel joked
im on my way to the dentist marzel joked
im on my way to the dentist marzel
on my way to the dentist marzel joked
i ' m #-##-##-##-## on my way to the dentist CONTAINED marzel joked.
GLADSTONE i ' m on my way to La the dentist marzel joked.
i ' m on my Delling way to the leads dentist marzel joked.
i ' m on my way Goco to the dentist marzel Twinsburg joked.
i ' m on my way to the dentist marzel joked.
i ' m on my way to the dental practitioner marzel joked.
atomic number 53 ' m on my way to the dentist marzel joked.
iodine ' m on my way to the dentist marzel joked.
1
Now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said Ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set menu 12 euro maybe once a week said ditchburn
now we taverna to a local go with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn
now maybe go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu we once a week said ditchburn
ditchburn we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said now
now we go a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a said ditchburn
now we go a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a said ditchburn
now go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 maybe a week said ditchburn
now we go to a local Tysons taverna with a set PRUETT euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week Waterford said secretary ditchburn.
Lyall now we go to a WE local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a FLAT set euro 12 menu maybe once a week Ghazni said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu mayhap once a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a readiness euro 12 menu maybe erst a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 carte maybe once a week said ditchburn.
0
This new site is the only place where we know we can go and find the North Pacific right whale Tynan said.
this new site right the only place where whale know we can go and find the north pacific is we tynan said
this can site is the only know where we place we new go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said
this new site we the only place where said know we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan is
this new site is the only place where we know find and go can we the north pacific right whale tynan said
this new site is only place where we know we can and find north pacific right whale tynan said
this new is the place where we we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said
this new site is the only place where know we go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said
this new site only place where we know we can go and find the north pacific right tynan said
this new site is the only Nippon place where we know stockbroker we can go and By find the north pacific right whale tynan said.
this new site is the only place where we know we can go trademarked and find the PLAN north Jennifer pacific right whale tynan said.
this new site rathyatra is the Mouin only Inverse place where we know we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said.
this new site is the only place where we know we can Dario go and find the north pacific Chief right whale tynan graced said.
this new site is the only place where we know we can blend and find the north pacific right whale tynan read.
this new site is the only place where we know we can go and find the north pacific correct whale tynan tell.
this new site is the only place where we know we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said.
this new site is the only place where we know we can decease and find the north pacific ocean right whale tynan sound out.
0
This time we were able to go to the cemetery Tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were able to go to said cemetery tamayo the in a telephone interview
this time we were able to go to the telephone tamayo said in a cemetery interview
this time we were interview to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone able
this time we in able to go to the cemetery tamayo said were a telephone interview
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said a telephone interview
this time we were able to go to cemetery tamayo said in a interview
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a interview
this time we were able to go to the cemetery MOOT tamayo said in a Ganapati telephone interview.
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in lifts a telephone Verizon interview.
this time we were able Insider to go Skills to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were able to Da go to Neurokine the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were able to hold out to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this sentence we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were able to run to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone audience.
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo read in a telephone interview.
2
"Until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what caused the Sago accident Dye said."
until we can safely enter the mine accident thoroughly site the examine we will not know what caused the sago to dye said
the we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine not site we will until know what caused the sago accident dye said
until we can safely mine know enter to thoroughly examine the site we will not the what caused the sago accident dye said
until we can safely the the mine accident thoroughly examine enter site we will not know what caused the sago to dye said
until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site we will not know what caused the sago accident dye said
we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site we will not know what caused the sago accident dye said
until we can safely enter the mine thoroughly examine the we will not know caused the accident dye said
until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site will not know what caused the sago accident dye
" until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will Successfully not know what caused Cord the Upper sago accident dye said. "
" until we can safely SEAMARK enter the mine to thoroughly Morfeo examine the site, we will not know what caused the sago accident WorldCat.org dye said. "
" until we can safely enter candles the mine to thoroughly examine the site, jockey we RONNIE will not know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we can safely enter the Fred mine to thoroughly pet examine the site, we will omg not know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we ass safely enter the mine to thoroughly try the site, we will not know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we hind end safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly test the situation, we will not know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what stimulate the sago chance event dye said. "
1
We are conducting site visits he said.
we are conducting he visits site said
we are conducting visits site he said
we are said site visits he conducting
we are site conducting visits he said
are conducting he said
we are conducting site visits said
we are conducting site visits he said
we are conducting site visits he said
we Sade are conducting site visits he said.
we are Niigata conducting site visits he said.
we Shoreham are conducting site visits he said.
we are Hatteras conducting site visits he said.
we are conducting site visits atomic number 2 said.
we are acquit site visits he said.
we are conducting site visits helium said.
we are bear site visits he said.
1
We are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
we the going to hospital and to the site of are killings he added
we are going and hospital to to the site of the killings he added
and are going to hospital we to the site of the killings he added
we are going to hospital and site the to of the killings he added
are going hospital and to the site of the killings he added
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added
are to hospital and to the site of the killings he added
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings added
we are going to hospital and Donlands to the site of the killings he STREET added.
we are going PTY to hospital and remakes to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the site Nashua of the killings he & added.
we are Grayhawk going to hospital and to the site of the Reggie killings he added.
we are die to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the site of the cleanup he added.
2
"We had prepared for another party  but  I have come to see them for the last time in the morgue said Osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands."
we had last for another party but i morgue come to see them for the prepared time held the have said osmani who in two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
we had gold for another party his i last come to see them for the have time in the morgue said osmani who held two prepared bracelets in but trembling hands
we had prepared who another party but i have come to see them for the last time in gold morgue bracelets osmani for held two the said in his trembling hands
we had prepared for another party but i have come the see them for in his time to the morgue said osmani who held two gold bracelets in last trembling hands
we had prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the last time the morgue said osmani who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
we had prepared for another but i have come them for the last time in the morgue said osmani who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
we had prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the last time the morgue said osmani who held two bracelets in trembling hands
we had prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the time in morgue osmani held two gold bracelets in his hands
" we had prepared for another party but FastenTech i have come therapeutic to see them for the last Phivolcs time in the morgue said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in PriceRite his trembling hands. "
" we had prepared for another party but Sports i have come to see them for the robo last time in the morgue said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in Turkey his topographic trembling hands. "
" we had Chattahoochee prepared for another Volmering party but Schwope i have come to see them for the last time in the Tobay morgue said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands. "
" we had prepared Toribau for another party but i Keith have come to ContextVision see them for the last time in the morgue said de osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands. "
" we had prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the final time in the dead room said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his quiver hands. "
" we had prepared for another party but i hold amount to see them for the last time in the morgue said osmani, who hold two amber bracelets in his trembling hands. "
" we had prepared for another party but i have come to project them for the last place time in the mortuary said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands. "
" we had prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the last time in the morgue say osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands. "
2
"When I got to the hospital, they told me to take Saber to the morgue said Dirbi."
when i got to they hospital the told me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi
when i got the the hospital they told me to take saber to to morgue said dirbi
to i got when the hospital they told me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi
when i got to to hospital they told me to take saber the the morgue said dirbi
when i got to the hospital they told me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi
when i got to the hospital they told me to take saber to the morgue dirbi
when i got to the hospital they told me take saber to the morgue said dirbi
when i to the they told me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi
" when i Aja got to the hospital, they told me to heavily take saber to the Y morgue said dirbi. "
" notoriously when i got to the hospital, Jared they told me to take saber to the Macfarlan morgue said dirbi. "
" when Shibli i got to the hospital, they told Ivor me Beeline to take saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i got to the Randal hospital, they told me JADE to take saber Thilan to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i got to the hospital, they told me to take sabre to the morgue say dirbi. "
" when i got to the infirmary, they told maine to take saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i got to the hospital, they evidence maine to accept saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i catch to the hospital, they state me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
2
"*He ran away on Oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said:""The reason I left is because I could not stand going to the hospital every week."""
he ran away i oct 26 leaving a farewell note to because parents that said the reason left i is his on could not stand going to the hospital every week
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell said to his parents that note the reason i left is to i could not stand going the because hospital every week
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his said every parents the reason i left is because i could stand not going to the hospital that week
he ran parents on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his away the said the reason i left is because that could not stand going to i hospital every week
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his parents said the reason i is because i could not stand going to the hospital week
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his that said the reason i left is because i could not stand going to the every week
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his parents that the reason i left is because i could not stand going to the every week
he ran away on oct 26 a farewell note to his parents that said the reason left is because i could not stand to the hospital every week
" * he ran fired away on oct. andothers 26, leaving a allograft farewell note to his parents that said: " " the reason i left is schizophrenia because i could not stand going to Roundup the hospital every week. " " "
" * he Norco ran away Gudjohnsen on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note attorney to his parents that said: " " the reason i Fiscal left is because i could not stand going Wallabee to the hospital every week. " " "
" * he ran away Dustin on oct. 26, leaving a farewell Eugene note to his parents that said: " " the reason i Mr left is because CTTT i could not stand going to Asmodian the hospital every week. " " "
" * Squishee he ran away on ArcaMax oct. 26, leaving Linnane a farewell note to Krista his parents that said: " " the reason i left is because Woodhull i could not stand going to the hospital every week. " " "
" * he ran away on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that allege: " " the cause i pass on is because i could not stand up going to the hospital every week. " " "
" * he run away on october. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said: " " the grounds i left is because i could not stand go to the hospital every week. " " "
" * he ran away on oct. 26, leaving a parting note to his parents that said: " " the reason i left is because i could not stand die to the hospital every week. " " "
" * helium ran away on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said: " " the reason single left is because atomic number 53 could not stand going to the hospital every workweek. " " "
2
6:02 p.m. Abby and I travel uptown on the subway to Xai Xai Wine Bar.
6 m p 02 abby and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 p to abby and i travel uptown on the subway m xai xai wine bar
6 02 p m uptown and i travel abby on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 p m abby and i travel the on uptown subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 p m abby and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 p m abby and i uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 p m abby and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 p m abby and i travel uptown on subway to xai wine bar
6: 02 RAFT p. m. abby and pleaded i travel uptown on NATIVE the subway to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and Yaw i travel uptown on the Amweld subway to xai xai HILLSBORO wine bar.
6: 02 Merit p. chickens m. abby and wire i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and i Goodlettsville travel linguine uptown on the subway to xai xai CU wine bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and single travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. k. abby and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and one travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and single travel uptown on the subway system to xai xai wine bar.
0
"A few months ago, I was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after I cut my wrist while working in the fields."
a few months ago i minor taken to a government hospital for a was wrist after i cut my surgery while working in the fields
minor few months ago i was taken to a government hospital for a a surgery after i my cut wrist while working in the fields
a few months a i was taken to a government hospital for working minor surgery after i cut my wrist while ago in the fields
hospital a months ago i was taken to a government few for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the fields
few months ago i was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist working in the fields
a few months ago i was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working the fields
a few months ago i was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist working in the fields
few months ago i was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist working in the fields
" a few months ago, i was taken Vikramjit to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist Standale while working Sullair in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was taken coverage to a government hospital for Baltic a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while Rakesh working in the fields. "
" Bodai a few months ago, i was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery tiwari after i cut my wrist while Nilkamal working in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was taken to a Ato government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut Paylin my wrist while working in ##:## the fields. "
" a few month ago, i was lease to a government hospital for a minor operation after i cut my wrist while working in the fields. "
" a few month ago, i was taken to a political science hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist joint while working in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was have to a political science hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was taken to a government infirmary for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the field of operations. "
2
"A few years ago I spent several days sitting in the back of a library in London, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of Soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and'80s by Amnesty International."
a few years ago i spent several days pamphlets in the back of a library and80s london reading through newsletters sitting and other accounts 1970s soviet prison conditions published in the of in by amnesty international
prison few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other the of soviet a by published in accounts 1970s and80s conditions amnesty international
a of years ago i spent several days sitting in the back few 1970s library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published international the a and80s by amnesty in
a few years ago i spent several days international in the back of a library in london reading sitting newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and80s by amnesty through
a few years ago i spent several days sitting the back of a library in london reading newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of prison conditions published in the 1970s and80s by amnesty international
a few years ago i several days sitting in back of a library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of prison conditions in the 1970s and80s by amnesty international
a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a library in reading newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and80s by amnesty international
few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a library in reading through pamphlets other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and80s by amnesty
" a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of Presto a library in london, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of soviet Wiregrass prison conditions Dozier published in Gwindi the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty squared international. "
" a few years Mwambu ago i spent several days sitting in linebacker the back of a library in london, reading Assemblywoman through designer newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and ' Torkanowsky 80s by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago i spent Calit2 several days sitting in Ludivine the back of a library in london, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and PAUL other accounts of Perton soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80s Fidelite by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago i spent several days al sitting in the back of a library in Gootkin london, reading through newsletters, pamphlets ELECTORATE and other accounts of soviet unallotment prison conditions published in the THURSDAY 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the binding of a library in london, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and early accounts of soviet prison house conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago 1 spent several days sit down in the back of a library in london, reading through newsletters, pamphlet and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80 by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago i spent several 24 hour interval sitting in the back of a library in british capital, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty external. "
" a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a library in london, reading through newssheet, pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
0
"A few years ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla-lingonberry butter and I still shudder at the thought."
butter few years ago a friend took me thought a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry a and i still shudder at the to
a few years ago a friend took thought bread a restaurant where the to was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the me
a few years ago a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied the vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder thought by at
a few years restaurant a friend took me to a ago where the bread was accompanied at vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder by the thought
a few years ago a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla butter and i still shudder at thought
a few years ago a friend took me to restaurant where the was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought
a few years ago friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by lingonberry butter and i still at the thought
a few years ago a took me a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought
" a few years ago, a friend Registered took me to a restaurant where the bread was captain accompanied Braemar by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still shudder at Ejection the thought. "
" a few years ago, Dodge a friend Ivy took me to a restaurant where the Perusahaan bread was accompanied by vanilla - leashless lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few Chrissie years ago, Murky a friend took me to a FW restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still Body shudder at the thought. "
" a few years ago, a friend took me to Isa a restaurant where Mosi the Uwais bread was accompanied by vanilla - lingonberry butter and Deborah i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few years ago, a champion took me to a restaurant where the bread was come with by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few yr ago, a ally took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the cerebration. "
" a few years ago, a friend shoot maine to a restaurant where the gelt was accompanied by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few years ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread be accompanied by vanilla - cowberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
0
"A few years ago, my son and I, driving from California to Texas, made an unplanned detour off Interstate 40 at Albuquerque, N.M., a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard."
a n years few my son an i driving from california to texas made and unplanned detour off interstate 40 which albuquerque ago m a city to which we had never heard and after wandering around for an hour or two decided to eat at a restaurant of at we had never been
a few years ago my son and i driving from california to texas made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n to wandering we m which been had never city eat after a around for an hour or two decided to and at a restaurant of which we had never heard
a few years ago a son and never driving an california at texas made from unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n m a city to which we of i been and after wandering around for an hour or two decided to eat to my restaurant had which we had never heard
a few years ago my of and detour driving from california to texas made an unplanned i off interstate 40 at albuquerque a around a city to which we had never been and after wandering m which an hour or two decided to eat at n restaurant son for we had never heard
a years ago my and i driving from california to texas made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at n m a city to which never been and after wandering around for an hour or two decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard
a few years ago son i driving from california to texas made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n m a to we had and after wandering around an hour two decided to at a restaurant of which had never heard
a few ago son and i driving from california texas made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n m a city to which we had never been and after wandering around for an hour or two to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard
a few years ago my son and i driving california to texas made an unplanned detour off 40 at albuquerque n m a city to which we had never been and after wandering around an hour or two decided to eat at a restaurant which we had never
" a few years ago, my son and Gillian i, driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we immensely had never been, and after wandering Veer around for an hour Boonrawd or two, ClickZ decided to eat at a TROW.O restaurant of which we had never PicturePlan heard. "
" a Khawla few years ago, my son and i, driving from california VIN to symbol texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had never been, and after wandering Tahoe around Howett for Shih an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had Aster never heard. "
" a few years ago, starry my son and i, driving from california goalkeeper to texas, Louise made an Previously unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had never starships been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided Stelio to eat at a Oberhof restaurant of which we had never heard. "
" REGIONAL a Ursell few years ago, my son and i, Carl driving from california to Al texas, Obraniak made an unplanned detour off Diane interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had impressionist never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard. "
" a few years ago, my son and i, driving from california to texas, made an unwitting detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a metropolis to which we had never be, and after wandering around for an hour or two, make up one's mind to eat at a restaurant of which we have never heard. "
" a few years ago, my son and i, driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate xl at albuquerque, n. thou. , a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or deuce, decide to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard. "
" a few years ago, my son and i, driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour sour interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. grand. , a city to which we had ne'er been, and after wandering about for an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard. "
" a few years ago, my son and iodine, driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had ne'er been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to rust at a restaurant of which we had never listen. "
0
"A small boat delivered me to the tour site, where I joined a group of visitors."
a where boat delivered me to the tour site small i joined a group of visitors
a small boat delivered me to the tour site of i joined a group where visitors
a small boat delivered me to the tour site where i visitors a group of joined
a small boat delivered me tour the to site where i joined a group of visitors
a small boat delivered me to the tour site where i joined a of visitors
a small delivered me to the tour site where i joined a group of visitors
a small boat delivered me to the tour site where i joined a group of visitors
a small delivered me the tour site where i joined a group of visitors
" a small boat Neonode delivered me to the tour antimicrobial site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
" Herat a small boat Platinum delivered me to the tour site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
" a Agathon small boat delivered me to the tour koo site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
" a small boat delivered me to the tour site, lasciviously where i joined a group G3 of visitors. "
" a small boat delivered me to the tour site, where i join a group of visitors. "
" a small boat delivered me to the tour site, where iodin joined a group of visitant. "
" a small boat delivered me to the tour site, where i joined a chemical group of visitors. "
" a small boat delivered maine to the tour site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
0
"Added running back Harvey Williams, I just asked Terry if I could go to Hawaii site of the Pro Bowl with him."
added running back harvey williams hawaii just asked terry if i could him to i site of the pro bowl with go
added running back harvey williams i just asked terry pro i could with to hawaii site of the if bowl go him
added running if harvey williams terry just asked i back i could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
added running back harvey site just i asked terry if i could go to hawaii williams of the pro bowl with him
added back harvey williams i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site the pro bowl with him
added running back harvey williams i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site the pro bowl with him
added running back harvey williams i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of bowl with him
added running back harvey williams i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
" added running back nyse harvey williams, i just calcipotriene asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of Abdulla the pro bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey williams, NASDAQ i Ho just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of the LaVal pro bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey williams, i gumshield just asked terry if i could go to Unsecured hawaii site of the pro Kalpit bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey williams, i just asked terry if i could go to Operations hawaii site of miserablism the Jimmy pro bowl with him. "
" sum up running back harvey williams, i just asked dame alice ellen terry if i could perish to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey sir bernard williams, i just asked terry if i could plump to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him. "
" added running rearward harvey williams, i just asked terry if iodin could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey williams, i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him. "
1
"After doing the interviews at the press room, I went to eat something in the restaurant."
room doing the interviews at the press after i went to eat something in the restaurant
after doing the interviews something the press room i went to eat at in the restaurant
after doing the interviews at the press room i went to eat something in the restaurant
after doing the interviews went the press room i at to eat something in the restaurant
after doing the interviews at the press room i went to eat something in the restaurant
after doing the interviews at the press room i went to eat something in the restaurant
after doing the interviews at the press room i went to something in restaurant
after the interviews at press room i went to something in the restaurant
" Tim after doing the interviews at the press room, i went to eat something in the Te restaurant. "
" after Beatles doing the interviews Bertz at the press room, i went to eat something in the restaurant. "
" ASSANGE after doing the interviews at the press room, i went Extreme to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after Paul doing the interviews at the press room, i went Yap to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after doing the audience at the press room, i went to eat something in the eating house. "
" after doing the interviews at the press room, i went to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after doing the interviews at the press elbow room, i went to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after doing the interviews at the press room, ane went to consume something in the restaurant. "
0
"After our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the Mendocino Headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of Main Street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea."
mendocino our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures after walked to park we headlands a the atop a precipice at the end of main street where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea
after our dessert customary of yogurt with active cultures we walked to the mendocino a a park atop the precipice at the end of main street where we watched a sun sink into headlands calm sea
after to customary dessert active yogurt with of cultures the walked our we mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice at the end of main street where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea
after our customary at of yogurt with active cultures we watched to the mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice dessert the end of main street where walked we the sun sink into a calm sea
after our customary dessert of yogurt active cultures we walked to the headlands a park atop a precipice at the main street where we watched the sink into calm
after customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures we to the mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice at the end of main street we watched the sun into a calm sea
after our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures we to the headlands a atop a precipice at the end of main street where we watched sun sink into a calm sea
after our customary yogurt with active cultures we walked to the mendocino headlands park a precipice at the end of main street where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea
" after our customary Parti dessert of Johannes yogurt with active cultures, we Jack walked to the mendocino headlands, a KVL park power atop a precipice at the end of main street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea. "
" after our customary dessert of yogurt ASCON with active cultures, urban we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop MP4 a precipice Comscore at Weekend the end of main street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea. "
" after our customary dessert of yogurt Alabaster with active cultures, we walked antelope to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end RALLY of main street, where we watched counterpart the sun sink into cetyl a calm sea. "
" after our customary dessert of yogurt with active GlobeNewswire cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, GGK a park atop a precipice at the end BNP of STANDOFF main street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm fiduciary sea. "
" after our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of main street, where we watched the sun sink into a serene sea. "
" after our customary afters of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of main street, where we watch the sun sink into a calm sea. "
" after our accustomed dessert of yogurt with active culture, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of primary street, where we observe the sun sink into a calm sea. "
" after our wonted dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of main street, where we watched the sun sink into a tranquil sea. "
0
"After that, I roamed widely in the French Quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l'Espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of France and the Fine Arts Museum on Nguyen Thai Hoc Street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century Vietnamese painters who learned Western techniques at Hanoi's Ecole Superieure des Beaux-Arts."
after that i stopping widely in the french thai and villa district to the west roamed at lespace to cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the fine street beaux on nguyen quarter hoc arts which has several galleries devoted a early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at ecole hanois superieure des museum arts
after early that center widely in the french quarter and i fine to the west at stopping lespace a cultural roamed and language school supported by the government of france and the district arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to villa 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois ecole superieure des beaux arts
after that i roamed widely in the several quarter and villa district to the fine stopping at lespace a the beaux and language school supported by the government french france and des west arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street which has of galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois ecole superieure cultural center arts
arts french i roamed widely in the that quarter learned villa district to the west stopping the which a cultural center and language superieure supported by at government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street lespace has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who and western techniques at hanois ecole school des beaux after
i widely in french quarter and villa district the west stopping at a cultural center and language by the government of france and the fine arts on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to early vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois ecole superieure beaux arts
after that i roamed in the french quarter and district to the west stopping at lespace a and language supported by the government of france and fine museum nguyen thai street which several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at ecole superieure des beaux arts
after that i roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west stopping at lespace a cultural center and language school supported by the government france and fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques hanois ecole superieure des beaux arts
after that roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west stopping a cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois ecole superieure des beaux arts
" after that, i roamed Haggen widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center and language school Doctor supported by the reversions government Cunene of france and the fine arts le museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to early Daril 20th century vietnamese Frederick painters who learned western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole Mirant superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i roamed permanently widely in Soapland the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at Pam l ' Emperor espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of Heydar france and the fine arts Aziz museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which Penis has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - Kiera arts. "
" after that, i roamed widely in the french CASTLE quarter and villa district to the west, Guiterrez stopping at l ' Stan espace, a Prevention cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc Beverage street, which has several galleries devoted www.asx.com.au. to early NuVim 20th century vietnamese painters who learned QMMC western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i Autonomy roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district '### to the west, stopping Senich at l ' espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the duped government of france and the fine arts Belz museum on Capt. nguyen thai hoc Hilary street, which has bon several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i roamed widely in the french quarter and doroteo arango district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a ethnical shopping mall and language schoolhouse supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters world health organization learn western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west, block up at l ' espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the ok arts museum on nguyen siamese hoc street, which birth several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western proficiency at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - fine art. "
" after that, i range widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center and language schooling supported by the government of jacques anatole francois thibault and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has respective galleries devoted to early 20th hundred vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des gallant - arts. "
" after that, i roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the o.k. artwork museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th 100 vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
0
"After we got things squared away at Tim's home, I went to the hospital to join him, Dee's mother, her brothers and my other son at Dee's bedside."
after we at things to away at tims home i went squared the hospital to join him dees mother her brothers and my other son got dees bedside
after we at things squared away got tims home i mother to the hospital to join him dees went her brothers and my other son at dees bedside
after we got things squared to at tims home i went away the hospital to join him dees mother her brothers and other my son at dees bedside
after we got things squared away to tims home i went at to hospital the join him dees mother her brothers and my other son at dees bedside
we got things squared away at tims home i went to the join him dees mother her brothers and my other son at dees bedside
after got things squared away at tims home i went the hospital to him dees her brothers and my other son at dees bedside
after we got things away at tims home i went to hospital to him mother brothers and my other dees
after got things away at tims home i went to the hospital to join him dees mother her brothers and my son at dees bedside
" after we got things squared away at Vovici tim ' s home, i went Waldrom to the hospital to barge join him, dee ' perianal s mother, her brothers and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to Nuria join him, dee ' ---------------------- s mother, her brothers and my crooner other son at dee ' Strategic s bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, i went to the Design hospital Rustin to join him, dee ' s mother, her brothers Le and my other son at dee ' s Sid bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, i went to Tjitendero the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, M. her brothers JFSA and my other son at dee ' Transformers s bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, her brother and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things squared aside at tim ' s home, i went to the infirmary to join him, dee ' s mother, her sidekick and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got thing squared away at tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s female parent, her brothers and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, 1 went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, her brothers and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
2
"And so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet."
and so we tag along people the ancient monastery where the monks condescend to visitors an up peaks where to take snapshots rather steep taking in the vistas on to a cemetery so than and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet
and so we tag vistas condescend an ancient monastery taking the monks to to the that up peaks where people take snapshots rather than where in the along on to a cemetery so steep and narrow visitors the dead are buried standing on their feet
and so we tag along ancient an to monastery where the monks condescend to the than up peaks narrow people take snapshots rather visitors taking in the vistas on to a cemetery so steep and where that dead the are buried standing on their feet
and so we tag along to an the to where ancient monks condescend the the visitors up peaks where buried take snapshots rather than taking in to vistas on monastery a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are people standing on their feet
and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors up peaks where people take snapshots than taking in the on to cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are standing on their
and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors up where people take snapshots rather than in the vistas on to a so steep and narrow that the dead are buried on their feet
and so we tag along to an ancient where monks condescend to the visitors up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas on to a cemetery steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing feet
so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks to the visitors up peaks people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas to a cemetery so steep and narrow that are buried standing on their feet
" and emperor so we tag along to an ancient monastery where manhole the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks stud where people equatorial take Woodstocks snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet. "
" Responsibility and so we tag Axel along to an ancient monastery where the Baliunas monks condescend Sonya to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their Inc feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the Lanny monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots fiery rather than taking in the vistas, William on to a cemetery so Iteration steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on Bi'lin their feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery Jugular where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people Copar take snapshots rather than taking in the coach vistas, on to a cemetery so steep chronic and narrow that the Sheik dead are buried standing on their feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks patronize to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead represent buried standing on their feet. "
" and so we go after along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people carry snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the utter are buried standing on their feet. "
" and then we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the all in are buried standing on their feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, upwards peaks where people fill snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a necropolis so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet. "
0
"And so when we went back to the hospital, there was no turning back then."
and so when we went was to the hospital there back no turning back then
and then when we went back to the hospital there was no turning back so
and so when we went back back the hospital there was no turning to then
and so when we went back to was hospital there the no turning back then
and so when we went back to the hospital was no turning back then
and so we back to the hospital there was no turning back then
and so when went back to the hospital there was turning back then
and so when we went back to the hospital there was no turning then
" and so Ingrid when we went back to staged the hospital, there was no turning back then. "
" and so when we went S#E## back to the hospital, there was no turning back Javy then. "
" and so when we went back to the hospital, there was teammate no turning back Hydrant then. "
" and so when we went back Roc to the Mwene hospital, there was no turning back then. "
" and so when we went back to the hospital, there was no change by reversal back then. "
" and so when we went back to the hospital, there was no turning back then. "
" and so when we go away back to the hospital, there was no turning back then. "
" and so when we went back to the infirmary, there was no turning back and then. "
2
And the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and all me we were told going to the hospital to see my mum
and the officer walked up and told me all were we going to the hospital to see my mum
and to officer walked up and told me we were all going the the hospital to see my mum
and the officer walked we and told me up were all going to the hospital to see my mum
and officer up told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum
and the officer up and me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum
and the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to my mum
and the officer walked up and told me we were all going the hospital to my mum
and the officer walked up and told me www.covantaholding.com we were all going to NJSIAA the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and KidzArt told me Fishenden we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and told me we were ow all going to the hospital to see my Poulakakos mum.
and the officer walked Kaiyuan up and told me we were all going to the hospital to Mtv.com see my mum.
and the military officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my dendranthema grandifloruom.
and the officer walked up and told me we be all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walk up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
2
"And two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: ""My brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown."""
and two weeks after he has downtown up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my brother straight me at the hospital and we went met vomited
and two weeks after he has pills up the 20 sleeping vomited he swallowed my hospital met me at the brother and we went straight downtown
and we weeks after he has vomited up the 20 at pills he swallowed my brother met me sleeping the hospital and two went straight downtown
and two weeks after my has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed brother he met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown
and two weeks after has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown
and two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my brother me the hospital and we went straight downtown
and two weeks has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my brother met me at the hospital and we straight
and two weeks after he has vomited up 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown
" and two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills Amanda he swallowed: " " Risum my brother Mark met me at the hospital Outfielder and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two sported weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills ATML he swallowed: " " my brother met me at Ricky the hospital bar and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks Capstone after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my TTR brother met me at the hospital and we went Martial straight Ryan downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he Behavioral has vomited up GROUP the 20 sleeping SAN pills he swallowed: " " my brother met hyperammonemia me at the hospital and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after atomic number 2 has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my brother met pine tree state at the hospital and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills atomic number 2 swallowed: " " my brother met me at the infirmary and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two week after he has vomited up the xx sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my brother met pine tree state at the hospital and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he induce vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he take back: " " my crony met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown. " " "
0
"And when we went to a restaurant, my siblings and I were practically fluent."
and when we a to went restaurant my siblings and i were practically fluent
and when we a to went restaurant my siblings and i were practically fluent
and to we went when a restaurant my siblings and i were practically fluent
and practically we went to a restaurant my siblings and i were when fluent
when we went to a restaurant my siblings and i were practically fluent
and when we went to a restaurant my siblings and i were practically fluent
and when we went to a restaurant my and i were practically fluent
and when went to a restaurant my siblings and i were fluent
" and when name we went to a restaurant, my siblings and i were practically Matilda fluent. "
" NASDAQ and when we went to Butalbital a restaurant, my siblings and i were practically fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my siblings Epitopes and Philosophie i were practically fluent. "
" and when we Longfellow went to a restaurant, my siblings and i fistfight were practically fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my siblings and i were much fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my sib and single were practically fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my siblings and i were practically fluid. "
" and when we go to a restaurant, my siblings and i were practically fluent. "
0
"And within striking distance we have such places as the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, the DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park, the Rose Art Museum, the MFA, the Peabody Essex Museum, MIT's List Visual Arts Center, and even the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art."
contemporary within striking distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art the center museum and sculpture making the rose art keep the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list to arts decordova and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are park notable efforts visual museum abreast of goings on in and art
and within striking distance we have such places the notable massachusetts museum of contemporary art the decordova museum and sculpture park the isabella art museum the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list to arts center and even as rose stewart gardner museum which are making the efforts visual keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art
and art striking distance we arts such places keep the massachusetts museum of contemporary art the decordova museum and sculpture park the rose art within the mfa the peabody essex museum mits goings visual have center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are making notable efforts to as abreast of list on in contemporary museum
and within striking distance we museum such places as the massachusetts museum which contemporary visual the decordova museum and sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody essex mits museum list art arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner have to are making notable efforts of keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art
and within striking distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art the decordova museum and sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody museum mits list visual arts center and the isabella stewart gardner which are making notable efforts to keep of goings on in contemporary art
and within striking distance we have such places as the of contemporary the decordova museum and sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner which are making notable to keep of goings on in art
and within striking distance we have such places the massachusetts museum of contemporary the and sculpture park the rose art museum mfa the essex museum mits list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum are making notable efforts keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art
and distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary decordova museum sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody essex museum list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art
" Nasdaq and within striking distance we have such places as the massachusetts Opinion museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex Freemark museum, mit ' s list bla visual arts center, and even Doc the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are Amphibious making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on Quadrini in contemporary art. "
" and within striking Old distance we have such places as the source massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, Census the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody Errotabere essex museum, mit ' s list visual arts center, strenghthen and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable efforts Danielle to keep abreast of goings brilliant on in contemporary art. "
" guard and within MV striking distance we have such places craveable as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, estrogen the peabody essex museum, mit ' s list visual rovers arts center, and Sanaa even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable Ram efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within striking distance we have such places Moonshot as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, mit ' s list Higgs visual arts center, and even the SuperLite isabella stewart gardner museum, which Statutory are making notable efforts to keep abreast of Boehret goings LakinChapman on in Jer contemporary art. "
" and within spectacular distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and carving park, the rose art museum, the master of fine arts, the elizabeth palmer peabody essex museum, mit ' s list visual humanistic discipline center, and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within striking distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture green, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, massachusetts institute of technology ' s tilt visual arts center, and yet the isabella stewart gardner museum, which be making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within striking distance we have such places as the massachuset museum of contemporary prowess, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose fine art museum, the mfa, the elizabeth palmer peabody essex museum, mit ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella james maitland stewart gardner museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within striking distance we make such shoes as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, massachusetts institute of technology ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of loss on in contemporary art. "
1
"Anya Nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, said:""When I go to McDonalds, it's like being in an expensive restaurant."""
anya nazarova 24 restaurant earns about 150 dollars a month said when mcdonalds go to i its like being in an expensive who
anya nazarova 24 go earns about 150 dollars in month said when i who to mcdonalds its like being a an expensive restaurant
anya mcdonalds being who earns about 150 dollars a month said when i go to nazarova its like 24 in an expensive restaurant
anya nazarova 24 who about earns 150 dollars a month said when its go to mcdonalds i like being in an expensive restaurant
24 who earns about a said when i go to mcdonalds its like in an expensive restaurant
anya nazarova 24 who about 150 dollars a month said when i go its like being in an expensive restaurant
anya 24 who earns about 150 dollars a month said when i go to mcdonalds its like being an expensive restaurant
anya nazarova 24 who earns about 150 dollars a month said when i go to mcdonalds its like in an expensive restaurant
" anya nazarova, 24, who earns oven about 150 dollars a month, said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, McMillian it ' s like being Drevo in mediabistro.com an expensive restaurant. " " "
" Giuseppe anya armistice nazarova, 24, who earns allay about 150 dollars a month, said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, Bakassi it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who Balanced earns hunter about 150 dollars a month, 内 said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, it ' s like Marianne being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" SECR anya Frankfurt nazarova, 24, Cauayan who earns about 150 Thillens dollars a month, said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, it ' s comparable being in an expensive eatery. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who gain about 150 dollars a month, say: " " when i run to mcdonalds, it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, xxiv, who earns more or less one hundred fifty dollars a month, said: " " when i hold out to mcdonalds, it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, sound out: " " when i endure to mcdonalds, it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
0
"As a parent, I would like to visit the site to learn more about the school."
as a parent i would like to visit learn site to the more about the school
as a parent i would like to visit the site more learn to about the school
as a parent i would like to about the site to learn more visit the school
as a parent i visit like to would the site to learn more about the school
a parent i would like to the site to learn more about the school
as a parent i would like to visit the site to learn more about
as a parent i like visit the site to learn more about the school
as a parent i would like to visit the site to learn more about school
" as a Gilad parent, i would like to visit the semi site to learn more about the school. "
" Maradei as a parent, Authority i would like to visit the site to learn more about the school. "
" as a POLITICIANS parent, i would like Gopalakrishna to visit the site to learn more about the school. "
" as a parent, Industries i would like to visit the Nyabonda site to learn more about the school. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the site to learn more than about the school. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the site to learn more about the shoal. "
" as a parent, i would like to chitchat the site to learn more about the shoal. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the site to learn more astir the school. "
1
"As children, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library."
as children go used to we downtown with him and go to the library
as children we and to go downtown with him used go to the library
as the we used to go downtown with him and go to children library
as children and used to go downtown with him we go to the library
children we used to go downtown with him and go to the library
children we to go downtown with and go to the
children we used to go downtown with him and go to the library
children we go with him and go to the library
" as children, we used to go Guadalcanal downtown with him and go to MEN the library. "
" as children, we used to go downtown with him Yojana and go to By the library. "
" Bedales as children, we used to go downtown Andrew with him and go to the library. "
" as children, we used to go downtown with him Chibi and go Baku to the library. "
" as children, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library. "
" as shaver, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library. "
" as tiddler, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library. "
" as children, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library. "
0
"As darkness falls, we head to Ottawa's ByWard Market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs."
as darkness falls we head to ottawas built market an area byward around cheese market that opened in 1840 with boutiques gourmet a shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
as darkness falls we head to ottawas byward market an area gourmet around a market that opened in 1840 with boutiques built bakeries shops cheese restaurants and pubs
as darkness falls we head to ottawas byward market an opened built around a market that area pubs 1840 with boutiques gourmet cheese shops bakeries restaurants and in
as darkness byward we head to ottawas falls market an area built bakeries a market that opened in 1840 with boutiques gourmet cheese shops around restaurants and pubs
as falls we head to ottawas market an area built around a market that opened in 1840 with boutiques gourmet shops restaurants and pubs
as falls we head to ottawas byward market an area built around a market that in 1840 with boutiques gourmet cheese shops and pubs
as darkness falls we head to ottawas byward market an area a market that opened in 1840 with boutiques gourmet cheese shops restaurants and pubs
as darkness falls we head to ottawas byward market an built around a market that opened in 1840 with boutiques gourmet cheese shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s Bedian byward ##.#.# market: Bereaved an area built Kristine around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' 中国 s byward market: an area built around a market Inc. that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, Warzycha restaurants and Dominican pubs. "
" Data as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built actress around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese Houchins shops, bakeries, restaurants thetechnology and pubs. "
" as darkness falls, Marudi we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built around a market Andersons that opened in 1840, Jean with boutiques, gourmet clientes cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutique, gourmet cheeseflower shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as dark fall, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, epicurean cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, foodie cheese shops, bakery, restaurants and pubs. "
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area build around a market that open up in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
0
"As the sun began to set, I went to a restaurant on the Mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on Thailand's side of the river."
side the sun began to set and went to watched restaurant on the mekong i a the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailands as of the river
as the sun began to the i went to a restaurant on the mekong and watched tree burning orange orb gradually sink below set the line of thailands side on the river
the the sun began of set i went to to restaurant on the mekong and watched as burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailands side a the river
as the sun began to set i went to a restaurant on the mekong and below the burning orange orb gradually of watched thailands tree line on the side sink the river
as the sun began set i to a the mekong watched the orange orb gradually sink below the tree on thailands of the river
the sun began to set i went to a restaurant on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailands side of the river
as began to set i went to a restaurant the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on side of the river
as sun to set i went to a restaurant on the mekong and watched burning orange orb gradually sink below the line on thailands side of the river
" as Pines the sun Agresta began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong Hamdilah and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on Forgeline thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to a restaurant on Legwork the marshal mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on crusading thailand ' s La side of the river. "
" BROOKS as the condominium sun began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong HECS and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the BY tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to a Tridium restaurant on the mekong and Mauna watched the burning orange orb Yuqiang gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s Showtyme side of the river. "
" as the sun began to do, i kick the bucket to a restaurant on the mekong and watch the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong and look on the combustion orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong river and watched the burn orange orb step by step sink below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sunshine began to put, i went to a eating place on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
0
"At dinner, I went to restaurants in town, serving copious portions of rich, salty Czech food."
at dinner i went to czech in town serving copious portions of rich salty restaurants food
at of i went to restaurants in town serving copious portions dinner rich salty czech food
at dinner i went to restaurants in town serving copious portions salty rich of czech food
at dinner i went to rich in town serving copious portions of restaurants salty czech food
at dinner i went to restaurants in town serving copious portions of rich salty czech food
at dinner i went to restaurants in town serving copious portions of rich salty czech food
at dinner i went to restaurants in town serving copious portions of rich salty czech food
at dinner i went to restaurants town serving copious portions rich salty food
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, pronged serving copious LeMieux portions of rich, rooftop salty czech food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, Mortgage serving Reginaldo copious portions of rich, salty Tesla czech food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, serving Rylan copious portions of Lethbridge rich, salty czech pinch food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants JACOB in town, serving THEIR copious portions of Cerne rich, salty czech food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in townsfolk, serving copious portions of rich, salty czechoslovakian food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, serving copious portions of ample, salty czech nutrient. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, serving copious portions of rich, salty czechoslovakian food for thought. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, serving copious dowery of deep, salty czech food. "
0
"At the Al-Khalili mosque Hakima Ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue ""where I go every day to look for my daughter and her three children."""
at khalili the the mosque hakima ahmad said where wanted to stay close to al hospital morgue she i go every day to look for my daughter and her three children
at the she khalili mosque hakima ahmad said al wanted to stay to close the hospital day where i go every morgue to look for my daughter and her three children
at the al khalili mosque hakima to said she look to stay close ahmad the hospital morgue where i go every day to wanted for three daughter and her my children
at the al khalili mosque hakima said ahmad she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue i where go every day to look for and daughter my her three children
at the al khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to close to the hospital morgue where i go every day to look for my daughter and her children
at the al khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue where i go every to look for my daughter and her three children
at the al khalili mosque hakima ahmad she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue where i go every day to look for daughter and her three children
the khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to close to the hospital morgue where i go every day to for my and her three children
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted Cassidy to LifePoints stay close to the hospital morgue " " where i go Derek every day to look for Inc. my daughter and her three children. " " "
" Reynier at the Plaid al - Fey khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for my daughter and her three elastomeric children. " " "
" at the al - khalili --------------------------------- mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to Lewis the hospital morgue " " where i go every SeaRay day to look for my daughter and her KN three children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted houses to stay Sebastian close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for MPBN my daughter Alfardan and her three children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she want to stay close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for my daughter and her three children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she need to stay close to the hospital mortuary " " where i go every day to face for my daughter and her threesome children. " " "
" at the alabama - khalili mosque hakima ahmad enjoin she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for my daughter and her three tike. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for my girl and her three children. " " "
2
At the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite.
at the cemetery at each placed roses we the gravesite
at the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite
at the cemetery we each gravesite roses at the placed
at roses cemetery we each placed the at the gravesite
at the cemetery each roses at the gravesite
the cemetery we each placed at the gravesite
the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite
at the cemetery we each placed roses at gravesite
at the Elewi cemetery we each placed Gorant roses at the gravesite.
at the cemetery we acoustic each Salmonella placed roses at the gravesite.
at Axesa the cemetery we each Flancare placed roses at the gravesite.
at the cemetery we each placed roses JIM at the Primelocation gravesite.
at the cemetery we each point blush wine at the gravesite.
at the cemetery we each commit roses at the gravesite.
at the burial site we each site roses at the gravesite.
at the necropolis we each placed roses at the gravesite.
2
"Back in town we made a short stop at the Heritage Junction Museum, whose eclectic, well cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items."
back in town made we sporting short stop logging the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in one large room includes at equipment a goods and household items
collection in town we made stop short a at the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well items for back of community artifacts displayed in one large room includes logging equipment sporting goods and household cared
back in museum we made logging short stop at the heritage junction town whose eclectic community cared for collection of well artifacts displayed in one large room includes a equipment sporting goods and household items
back in town we made a short stop the goods heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in one large room sporting logging equipment includes at and household items
back in town we made a stop at the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in one large includes logging and household items
back in town we made a short stop the heritage junction museum whose eclectic cared collection of community artifacts displayed in one large room includes equipment sporting goods and household items
back in town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in large room includes logging equipment sporting goods and household items
back town we made a stop at the heritage museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in one large room includes logging sporting goods and household items
" back in town we made a StarDate short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, Glasnost well cared for Fairplex collection of community artifacts, displayed halter in one large room, Kristin includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
" back Arturo in town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum, Lashkar whose eclectic, well cared for collection of community Pat artifacts, displayed in seedless one large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household Mark items. "
" back in town we made a short stop at the JEFF heritage junction museum, Gokceada whose eclectic, well Biasco cared for collection of community artifacts, OF displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, CIPS sporting goods and household items. "
" back lengthening in inlaid town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, well cared for By collection of Jamie community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, Nigeria sporting goods and household items. "
" back in town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, well cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, feature commodity and household items. "
" back in town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, good cared for collection of community of interests artifacts, displayed in matchless large room, include logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
" backward in town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, well cared for collection of community artifact, displayed in unmatched large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and menage items. "
" back in town we made a short stop at the heritage conjugation museum, whose eclectic, intimately cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large elbow room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
0
"Back then we got together in downtown Midland, in a hotel restaurant."
back then we got together in downtown midland hotel a in restaurant
back then in got together in downtown midland we a hotel restaurant
we then back got together in downtown midland in a hotel restaurant
downtown then we got together in back midland in a hotel restaurant
then we got together in midland in a hotel restaurant
back then we got together in downtown midland in a hotel restaurant
back we got together in downtown midland in a hotel restaurant
back then we got together downtown in a hotel restaurant
" back then we got together airtel in downtown Tvia midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" back then we Reserved got together FULL in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" back then we got Joey together in downtown midland, Krushchev in a hotel restaurant. "
" back then LSWA we got Phikolethu together in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" back then we got together in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" rearward then we got together in downtown midland, in a hotel eating house. "
" backward and so we got together in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" rearward then we got together in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
0
"Before leaving mainland China, I visited one additional historic site, taking an overnight train from Beijing to Xi'an to see the terra-cotta warriors."
before leaving beijing china i visited one additional overnight site taking an historic train from mainland to xian to see the terra cotta warriors
the leaving mainland china i visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train from beijing to xian to see terra before cotta warriors
before leaving mainland china i visited train additional historic taking site an overnight one from beijing to xian to see the terra cotta warriors
before leaving xian china i visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train see beijing to mainland to from the terra cotta warriors
before leaving mainland i visited one additional historic taking an overnight train from beijing to xian to see the terra cotta
leaving mainland china i visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train from beijing to xian to see the terra warriors
before leaving mainland china i visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train from beijing xian to see the cotta warriors
before leaving mainland i visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train from beijing to xian to see the terra warriors
" before leaving mainland china, i visited one additional historic site, phorid taking an overnight train from Trainman beijing to xi ' Gillies an to see the terra - NSWALC cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland ESPN###.com china, i Yahoo visited one additional historic site, taking an seasonable overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to Buttimer see the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland Turquoise china, i visited one additional historic site, taking Baltimore an overnight train from beijing to Robran xi ' platinums an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland china, Jupiter i tete visited one additional historic site, taking an overnight Bryon train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - Tulare cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland china, i visit unrivalled additional historic site, taking an overnight string from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland china, i visited unrivaled additional historic site, taking an nightlong train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland prc, atomic number 53 visited one additional historic site, taking an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland china, i visited one extra historic site, taking an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
0
"Before leaving the Old House, we visited the stone library built by Charles Francis Adams in 1870."
charles leaving the old house we visited the stone library built by before francis adams in 1870
before leaving charles old house we visited the stone library built by the francis adams in 1870
before leaving the old house we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870
before leaving francis old house we visited the stone library built by charles the adams in 1870
before leaving the old house we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams 1870
before leaving the old house we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870
before leaving the old house visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870
before leaving the old we visited the stone library built by charles francis in 1870
" before leaving the Matthew old Economic house, Vattikuti we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870. "
" before leaving the old house, we Molvi visited Sanjay the stone library built by charles francis adams in Minerva 1870. "
" before leaving the old house, Methode we Patrick visited the stone library built by feeling charles francis adams in 1870. "
" before leaving the old Killingbeck house, we visited the stone library built by cepacia charles francis adams in Nabnasset 1870. "
" before leaving the onetime house, we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870. "
" before leaving the old house, we visited the stone library built by charles stuart francis samuel adams in 1870. "
" before leaving the old theater, we visited the stone library built by charles vii francis adam in 1870. "
" before leaving the former house, we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870. "
0
"Before the disclosure of the notorious August 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the Gonzales hearings, I traveled to the Guantanamo Bay prison last February as part of a homeland security congressional delegation."
before notorious disclosure of the the august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales of i traveled to the guantanamo last prison bay february as part hearings a homeland security congressional delegation
before the security of the notorious august 2002 memorandum homeland torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings i traveled to the guantanamo condoning prison last february as part of a bay disclosure congressional delegation
before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum to torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings i traveled condoning the guantanamo bay prison homeland february as last of a part security congressional delegation
delegation the disclosure of the notorious august condoning memorandum 2002 torture that was hearings at the gonzales featured i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional before
before the of the notorious august 2002 memorandum torture that was featured at the i traveled to the bay prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation
before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured the gonzales hearings i traveled to the bay prison last february as part a homeland security congressional
before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the hearings i traveled to the guantanamo bay last february as part homeland security congressional delegation
before the disclosure of notorious august memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation
" before the disclosure Mailboxes of the notorious Rep. august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february Taicang as Llanidloes part of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure Sarsekbayev of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning Cindy torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as hosiery part of a homeland security Jim congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the notorious CAZADORES august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last André february as part of a homeland Average security visit congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, Yurok i UPOV traveled to the guantanamo Shaskan bay prison last february as part of Steven a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the revelation of the ill famed august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as share of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the notorious aug 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security department congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the notorious aug 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales auditory modality, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the infamous august 2002 memo condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison house last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
2
"Before the Picasso Museum, I had visited Musee d'Orsay and its superb Impressionist collection."
before the picasso museum i its visited musee dorsay and had superb impressionist collection
before the picasso museum i had dorsay musee visited and its superb impressionist collection
before impressionist picasso museum i had visited musee dorsay and its superb the collection
before the picasso and i had visited musee dorsay museum its superb impressionist collection
before the picasso museum i had visited dorsay its superb collection
before the picasso museum i had visited musee dorsay and superb impressionist collection
before the picasso museum i had visited musee dorsay and its superb impressionist collection
before picasso museum i had visited musee dorsay and its impressionist
" before the picasso museum, depressingly i had visited musee d ' orsay and Secure its superb impressionist collection. "
" before the picasso museum, i had DWIGHT visited musee d ' orsay and its superb forebodings impressionist collection. "
" before the picasso pimientos museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay and its superb impressionist Evelyn collection. "
" before the picasso museum, i had Vieau visited musee d ' ##g orsay and its superb impressionist collection. "
" before the pablo picasso museum, i had visited musee 500 ' orsay and its superb impressionist collection. "
" before the picasso museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay and information technology superb impressionistic collection. "
" before the picasso museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay and information technology superb impressionist collection. "
" before the pablo picasso museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay and it superb impressionist collection. "
0
"But I was curious, and I went to the public library."
but i the curious and i went to was public library
but the was curious and i went to i public library
but i was curious and library went to the public i
but i was the and i went to curious public library
but i was curious and i to the public library
but i was curious and i went the public library
but i was and i went to the public library
but i was and i went to the public library
" but Col. i was curious, and i went Derartu to the public library. "
" but i was curious, and i MR went to the public Possessing library. "
" but Cikampek i Neftaly was curious, and i went to the public library. "
" but Stiennon i was curious, and DeMain i went to the public library. "
" but iodine was curious, and i went to the public library. "
" but i be curious, and i went to the public library. "
" but i was curious, and i plump to the public library. "
" only i was curious, and i went to the public library. "
0
But then I went to the library and took all these books out on spiders.
but then i went these the library and took all to books out on spiders
but then i went to on library and took all these books out the spiders
but then i went to the library and took spiders these books out on all
but then i went to the library and took all books these out on spiders
but then i went to the library and took all these books out on spiders
then i went to the library and all these out spiders
but then i went to the library and took all these out on spiders
then i went to the library and took all books out on
but then Orlando i went to the library and took all these books out on ENTERTAINMENT spiders.
but then i went to the library and took all these Bharata books Morteza out on spiders.
but then Remastered i went to the library and Netware took all these books out on spiders.
but then i went to FilmLight the library and took all these Erik books out on spiders.
but then i pass to the library and took all these books out on spider.
but then i went to the library and took all these rule book out on spider.
but then i went to the library and fill all these book out on spiders.
but and then i went to the library and took all these word of god out on spiders.
0
"But we got lucky at Spilios, a taverna on a hill above Falassarna."
a we got lucky at spilios a taverna on but hill above falassarna
but we got lucky at spilios a a on taverna hill above falassarna
but we a lucky at spilios got taverna on a hill above falassarna
but we got falassarna at spilios a taverna on a hill above lucky
we got lucky at spilios a taverna on a hill above falassarna
but we got at spilios a taverna on a hill above falassarna
but we got lucky at spilios a taverna on a hill above
but we got lucky at spilios a taverna on a hill above falassarna
" but we got lucky at Monster spilios, a Demirtas taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but Elika we got lucky at spilios, a journal taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but Dominik we got lucky Leontyne at spilios, a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but we got lucky at spilios, a Airic taverna on a hill above Jacson falassarna. "
" but we got lucky at spilios, a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but we sire lucky at spilios, a taverna on a alfred hawthorne above falassarna. "
" but we get lucky at spilios, a taverna on a pitcher's mound above falassarna. "
" but we bring lucky at spilios, a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
0
Dear Kidsday: I've just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday ive just going started to junior high school
dear kidsday ive to started going just junior high school
dear kidsday ive to started going just junior high school
dear kidsday ive school started going to junior high just
dear kidsday ive just started to junior high school
dear just to high school
dear kidsday ive just going to junior high school
dear kidsday ive just started going to junior high school
dear kidsday: i ' ve just started Ann going to LawWorks junior high school.
dear Goalie kidsday: i ' ve just started going Jobless to junior high school.
dear kidsday: Mishcon i ' arcades ve just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday: i ' Allot ve just started going to junior high Scott school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve just started blend to junior gamy school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve just started give way to junior high school.
good kidsday: i ' ve just start going to junior high school.
0
"Donna and I went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60-mile-long Delaware Canal State Park."
donna and i went for long walk along an intact section delaware the towpath part of 60 mile a of canal state park
donna and i went intact a walk along an for section of mile towpath part of 60 the long delaware canal state park
long a i went for and walk along an intact section of the towpath part of 60 mile donna delaware canal state park
donna went i and for a canal along an intact section of the towpath part of 60 mile long delaware walk state park
donna and i went for a walk along an intact section of the part of 60 mile long delaware canal state park
donna and i went a walk an intact section of the towpath of 60 long delaware state park
donna and i went for a walk along an intact section of the part 60 mile long delaware canal state park
donna and i went for a walk along an intact section of the part 60 mile long delaware canal state park
" donna and i went for producer a walk along an intact Budimcic section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - momento long delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i went Wattigny for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - Robert mile - PORTFOLIOS long delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i Jessica went Yaakov for a walk along Manuelgate an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - long delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk Dr. along an intact section of the LineSider towpath, part of 60 - mile - long delaware By canal state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, portion of 60 - mile - long delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk along an intact plane section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - foresightful delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - stat mi - long delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk along an inviolate section of the towing path, part of 60 - mile - long delaware canal state park. "
0
"Earlier we had visited the homes of Haim Nahman Bialik, a Russian-born poet and translator who helped make Hebrew the lingua franca of Israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist Nahum Gutman, who celebrated the young Jewish state in painting, both of which I found interesting."
earlier we found visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a russian born poet painting dedicated who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel and a museum translator to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated i young jewish state in and both of which the had interesting
earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a russian to poet and of who i make hebrew the lingua franca translator israel and artist museum dedicated born the a nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting both of which helped found interesting
earlier we had visited the dedicated of haim nahman bialik a make born poet and translator who franca russian hebrew the lingua helped of israel and a museum homes to the painting nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in artist both of which i found interesting
earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a russian born helped and interesting who poet make hebrew the lingua franca of israel and a i dedicated to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting both of which translator found museum
earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a russian born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the franca of israel and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young in painting both of which i found interesting
earlier we had visited the of haim nahman bialik russian born poet translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting of which i found interesting
earlier we visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a russian poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young state in both of which i found interesting
earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a born poet and translator helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish in painting both of which i interesting
" earlier we had visited the homes biennials of haim nahman BLG bialik, a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the http://www.squeezetrigger.com/services/strat/mh.php lingua franca of israel, and a Ms. museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, Christianity who celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both of which Tahmoh i found interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and Burden a Roanoke museum dedicated to BANKING the artist nahum gutman, who Energtek celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both involved.The of which amino i found interesting. "
" Kuchner earlier Domenic we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, financier a russian - born poet and Wolfgang translator who helped make hebrew the lingua Hamblett franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both of which i found hippology interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, Kadhis a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum Murderer dedicated to the artist MDMR nahum Skull gutman, who celebrated the young jewish Universal state in painting, both of which i visit found interesting. "
" to begin with we take visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish res publica in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translating program who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translating program who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of state of israel, and a museum dedicated to the creative person nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both of which i find interesting. "
0
"Earlier, we had visited the Anne of Green Gables Museum at Silver Bush, owned by Montgomery's aunt and uncle and the place where Montgomery was married."
earlier we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver and aunt by montgomerys owned and uncle bush the place where montgomery was married
earlier we had by the anne married green gables museum at silver bush owned visited montgomerys aunt and uncle and the place where montgomery was of
earlier we was and the anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by montgomerys aunt visited uncle and the place where montgomery had married
earlier we had visited owned anne of and gables museum at silver bush the by montgomerys aunt green uncle and the place where montgomery was married
earlier we had visited anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by aunt and uncle the place where montgomery was married
earlier we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush by montgomerys aunt and uncle and the place montgomery was married
we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by montgomerys aunt and uncle and the place montgomery was married
had visited anne of green gables at silver owned by montgomerys aunt and uncle and place where montgomery was
" earlier, we had visited the anne DICKEY of green gables Motibagh museum at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunt LIGHTFAIR and O7 uncle and the place where montgomery was married. "
" earlier, we had visited GMMB the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, Booming owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle Thulamahashe and Keppel the place where montgomery was married. "
" Greg earlier, we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and Val the place Stephanie where montgomery was Starzel married. "
" earlier, we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver lan bush, owned Beşir by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and campgrounds the place where montgomery RA was married. "
" in the first place, we have visit the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the station where montgomery was married. "
" earlier, we had gossip the anne of immature gables museum at silver crotch hair, owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the place where montgomery was married. "
" earlier, we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, owned by lucy maud montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the place where montgomery be married. "
" earlier, we deliver visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, possess by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the place where montgomery was married. "
0
"Every day, I'd go to the ball park and say,'Do I want to go or don't I."
every day id go to the i park and say do i want to go or dont ball
every day id go to the ball park and say do i want dont go or to i
every day id go to the ball park and say do i want to go dont or i
every day id i to the ball park and say do go want to go or dont i
every day id go to the ball park and say do i want to go or dont i
every day id go to the ball park and say do i want to or dont i
every id the ball park and say do i want to go or dont i
every day id go to the ball park and say do i want to go or i
" flywheel every Timmins day, i ' d go to the Tarnac ball park and say, ' do i want to go or don ' t i. "
" every Ampah day, Puthimari i ' d go to the ball caressed park and say, ' do i want to go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the logic ball park and say, ' Skandalaris do J i want to go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the ball park and say, ' do asymmetric i want ALA to Gary go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the ball park and say, ' do one want to go operating theatre don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the ball mungo park and say, ' do i desire to go oregon don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the ball common and say, ' execute unity want to go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the ball park and say, ' perform i want to go or don ' t i. "
1
"Every time I visited the city, I wandered into Villa Borghese park, on the heights east of the Tiber River."
every time i visited the city i the east villa borghese park on wandered heights into of the tiber river
every time into visited the city i i wandered villa borghese park on the heights east of the tiber river
every time i visited the city wandered i into villa borghese park on the heights east of the tiber river
every time i visited the borghese i wandered into villa city of on the heights east park the tiber river
every i visited the city i wandered into villa borghese park on the heights east of the tiber river
every time i visited the city i wandered into villa borghese on the heights east of the tiber river
every time i visited the city i into borghese park on the heights east of the tiber river
every time i visited the city i wandered into borghese park on the heights east of the tiber river
" Charleston every time i nicks visited promethium the city, i wandered into villa borghese park, on the heights east of the tiber river. "
" every time i visited the city, i Dale wandered Protester into villa Coosa borghese park, on the heights east of the tiber river. "
" every time i visited the city, i wandered PORTALES into Representative villa Brak borghese park, on the heights east of the tiber river. "
" every time i visited the city, i DLL wandered into villa borghese park, on the heights east leader of www.brin.com the tiber river. "
" every time i visited the city, i wandered into villa borghese park, on the heights eastward of the tevere river. "
" every time i visited the metropolis, i wandered into villa borghese park, on the heights east of the tevere river. "
" every time i visited the city, i wandered into villa borghese commons, on the heights east of the tevere river. "
" every time one visited the city, i wandered into villa borghese park, on the heights e of the tiber river. "
0
"Game over, 6-5 Padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown San Diego, the lights of the Gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning."
game all 6 5 padres we over spilled out of the park beckoning the into streets of downtown san diego the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already and
game over 6 5 padres we all spilled out of lights park and into the streets of downtown san diego the restaurants of the gaslamp bars and the already beckoning
game over 6 5 of we all padres out beckoning the park and into the streets of downtown san diego the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already spilled
game over 6 5 padres we all spilled out lights the park and into the streets of already diego san the of of the gaslamp bars and restaurants downtown beckoning
game over 6 5 padres we all spilled of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning
game over 6 5 padres we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already
over 6 padres we all spilled out the park and into the streets of downtown san diego the lights of the gaslamp bars restaurants already beckoning
game over padres we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning
" game Eric over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled out of Flickchart the park and into the streets of downtown Weathernews san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars Muktar and restaurants already beckoning. "
" game over, Riffe 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled out THE of the Military park and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants â already beckoning. "
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we siarad all spilled out of the park Stefan and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights midfielder of the gaslamp bars and restaurants @ already beckoning. "
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we all Mihalchik spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights TO of the gaslamp bars randomly and restaurants Steve already beckoning. "
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spill out of the parkland and into the streets of downtown san diego, the light of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning. "
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled knocked out of the green and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckon. "
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckon. "
" plot over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the street of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurant already beckoning. "
0
"Having visited all the major sights, I couldn't figure out how to spend my last day in San Marino."
having how all the major sights i couldnt figure out visited to spend my last day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i couldnt figure out to how spend my last day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i couldnt figure out how to last my spend day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i figure couldnt out how to spend my last day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i couldnt figure out how to spend my last day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i out to spend my last day in san marino
having visited all the major i couldnt figure out to spend my last day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i couldnt figure out how to spend my last day in marino
" having visited all the Correspondent major sights, i couldn ' t figure out Frequency how to spend my last day in Sudha san marino. "
" having visited all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure out Xtra how Ryan to band spend my last day in san marino. "
" having visited all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure Robert out how Venette to spend my last day in san Ray marino. "
" having visited all the Ric major sights, i couldn ' t figure out how RapidShare to spend my last day in Suraj san marino. "
" having visited whole the major sights, i couldn ' t figure out how to drop my last day in san marino. "
" having visit all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure tabu how to drop my last day in san marino. "
" having visited all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure out how to drop my last solar day in san marino. "
" having visited all the major wad, i couldn ' t figure out how to spend my last clarence shepard day jr. in san marino. "
0
"He is confident of being fit for the Champions League final and said:""They popped it back in before I got to hospital so I'm pleased with that."""
he is confident of being fit for the champions league final and im they that it back in before i got to hospital so said pleased with popped
he is confident of the fit for being champions league final and said they popped it back in before i to got hospital so im pleased with that
champions is confident of being fit for the he league they and said final popped it back in before i got to hospital so im pleased with that
he is confident of and fit for the champions league final being said they popped it hospital in before i got to back so im pleased with that
he is of being fit for champions league and said they popped it back before i got to hospital so im pleased that
he is of being fit for the champions league final and said they popped it back in before i to hospital so im pleased with that
he is confident of fit the champions league final and said they popped it back in before i got to hospital so im pleased with that
he confident of being fit for the champions league final said they popped it in before i got to hospital so pleased with that
" he is confident of being fit Employee for the champions league Srinagar final and said: " " they popped it back in before i generation got to hospital so Luthringshausen i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" ALMs he Brahms is confident of being fit for the champions league = final and said: " " Rick they popped it back in before i got to hospital so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident chemical of being fit for the champions league final and said: " " they popped it back in before i got Lepper to hospital Ambush so wintry i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is Iognaid confident of being fit for the MEDEA champions league final and said: " " they popped fflono@charlotteobserver.com it N2X back in before i got to hospital so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident of exist fit for the fighter league final and allege: " " they popped it back in before i got to hospital so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident of being fit for the champions league last and said: " " they popped it back in before i got to hospital thusly i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident of being fit for the champions league concluding and say: " " they popped it back in before i find to hospital so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident of being fit for the whizz league final and said: " " they popped it back in before i got to hospital thusly i ' m pleased with that. " " "
0
"He thought:""I have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital."""
he thought i up to wake have in two hours and go to the hospital
he thought i have to wake up in hours two and go to the hospital
he thought i up to wake have in two hours and go to the hospital
he two i have to wake up in thought hours and go to the hospital
he thought i have to up in two and to the hospital
he i have wake up in two hours and to the hospital
he thought have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital
he thought i have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital
" he thought: " " i GOLDSBORO have to wake up in two hours and go http://www.celltherapeutics.com to the Le hospital. " " "
" he thought: " " i Hazelnut have to wake up Adjusted in Dolphinarium two hours and go to the hospital. " " "
" La he ###nd thought: " " i have to wake up in two hours and go to the Gardia hospital. " " "
" he thought: " " accretion i have to wake up in two maz hours and go drummer to the hospital. " " "
" atomic number 2 thought: " " i have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital. " " "
" he remember: " " i have to wake up in two hours and travel to the hospital. " " "
" he thought: " " 1 have to wake up up in 2 hours and go to the hospital. " " "
" he consider: " " i have to wake up in two hours and go to the infirmary. " " "
2
"I am going straight to hospital to see him, I haven't managed to speak to him on the phone."
i am going to to hospital to see him i havent managed straight speak to him on the phone
i am going straight to hospital to see him i havent managed to speak to him on the phone
i am going straight to hospital to see him i havent managed to speak to him phone the on
i am going straight to hospital to to him i havent managed to speak see him on the phone
i am going straight hospital to see him i havent managed to speak to him the phone
i am going straight to hospital to see him i havent managed to speak him on the
i am going straight to hospital to him i havent managed to speak to him on the phone
i am going straight to hospital see him i managed to to him on the phone
" i am JERSEY going Richard straight to hospital to see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to JENNA him on the phone. "
" i am going straight to hospital to see Scala him, i haven ' t managed to Mohamed speak to NAVAL him on the phone. "
" Balla i am going straight to hospital to Sony see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on the Lead phone. "
" i am going straight to hospital to Minister see him, i haven ' Lalbaug t managed Hudl to speak to him on the phone. "
" 1 am going straight to hospital to see him, i haven ' thymine managed to speak to him on the phone. "
" i be going straightaway to hospital to see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on the phone. "
" i represent going straight to hospital to go through him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on the telephone. "
" i am going straight to hospital to see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on the phone. "
2
I am going to the hospital now to make all the tests.
hospital am going to the i now to make all the tests
i am going to the hospital now all make to the tests
going am i to the hospital now to make all the tests
i am to to the hospital now going make all the tests
i am going the hospital now to make all the tests
i am going to hospital now to make all tests
i am to the hospital now to all the tests
i am going to the hospital to all the tests
Brenna i am going to the hospital Beedle now to make all the tests.
Vincent i am going to the Nahuel hospital now to make all the tests.
ng i am going to the hospital now to make ###/#-# all the tests.
i sable am going to the hospital now to make all Ms the tests.
i am going to the hospital now to make all the mental testing.
i be go to the hospital now to make all the tests.
i am going to the hospital now to make up all the test.
i am going to the hospital now to make wholly the tests.
2
I asked for a recommendation of a good Indian restaurant in my hometown of Washington and two hours later had a suggestion.
a recommendation for a asked of i good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i had for a recommendation of in good indian restaurant a my hometown of washington and two hours later asked a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation hours a good and restaurant in my hometown of washington indian two of later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown and washington two of hours later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of indian restaurant in hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i asked for recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my of washington and two hours had suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of MAGS a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington Simon and two monopsony hours later had a suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two gentrifying hours Di later had a Whitemud suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation psychic of a good indian oral restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours orthopedics later had a suggestion.
Servants i asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant OIR in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a TJ suggestion.
i ask for a recommendation of a good native american restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours after had a suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a good native american restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian eating place in my hometown of washington and two hour later had a suggestion.
i ask for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hour subsequently had a suggestion.
1
I began to vomit and I had to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit go i had to and to a hospital
i began and vomit to i had to go to a hospital
i began a vomit and i had to go to to hospital
had began to vomit and i i to go to a hospital
began to vomit and i had to go to hospital
began to vomit and i had to go a hospital
i began to vomit and i had to go to a hospital
i began to vomit and i had go to hospital
i began to vomit and i had Neuwied to go to a measures hospital.
i began to vomit Indatissa and i Gainesway had to go to a hospital.
i NEAL began Karabinchak to vomit and i had to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit biodegrades and i had to MSN go to a hospital.
unity began to vomit and i had to move to a hospital.
i began to vomit and i had to go to a hospital.
i start to vomit and i give birth to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit and i had to go to a hospital.
2
I brought him back to the government hospital in Khanna.
i brought him khanna to the government hospital in back
i brought him back hospital the government to in khanna
i brought him in to the government hospital back khanna
i brought him in to the government hospital back khanna
i brought him back the government hospital in khanna
i brought him back to the government hospital in khanna
i back the government in khanna
i brought back to the government hospital in khanna
i Eastern brought him back to the Strager government hospital in khanna.
i brought Tappin him back to the government hospital in Sleezer khanna.
i brought him back to Anurag the Zsombor government hospital in khanna.
i brought him back to VOUT the government hospital in tarnishing khanna.
i brought him back to the government infirmary in khanna.
1 brought him back to the government hospital in khanna.
i brought him rearwards to the government infirmary in khanna.
i brought him back to the administration hospital in khanna.
0
"I can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed."
i can go into a restaurant sit down and have nice a meal without being harassed
i can meal into a restaurant sit down and have a nice go without being harassed
i can go into a harassed sit down and have a nice meal without being restaurant
i meal go into a restaurant sit down and have a nice can without being harassed
i can go into a restaurant sit down and have a nice meal without being
i can go into a restaurant sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed
i can go into restaurant sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed
i can go into restaurant sit down and have nice meal without harassed
" i can go into a restaurant, sit Janardan down and have Ang a nice meal without being harassed. "
" Latvia i can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a nice meal without being Kim harassed. "
" i can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a Tommy nice meal without being Marshall harassed. "
" i Winged can go into a Cynthia restaurant, sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed. "
" i can go into a restaurant, sit down and stimulate a prissy meal without being harassed. "
" i can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a overnice meal without being harassed. "
" iodin bathroom go into a restaurant, sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed. "
" i can go into a eatery, sit down feather and have a nice meal without being harassed. "
1
I can't go to the restaurant or do anything young people do.
i cant go to the young or do anything restaurant people do
go cant i to the restaurant or do anything young people do
i cant go to the do or restaurant anything young people do
i cant go to the restaurant or do anything young people do
i cant go the restaurant or do anything young people do
i cant go the restaurant do anything young people do
i cant go restaurant or do anything young do
i cant go to the restaurant or do anything young do
i can ' t go to Baxley the restaurant or do anything young people PlayerVision do.
i can ' t go to the restaurant or Joss do anything young Tilia people do.
i can ' t go to the restaurant Jonathan or do anything young people Caroline do.
i can ' IICP t go to the restaurant or Christen do anything young people do.
i can ' t start to the restaurant or do anything young people do.
i can ' t go to the restaurant or do anything young mass do.
i can ' t go to the restaurant or make anything young people do.
i can ' t go to the eating place or do anything young people do.
2
I couldn't even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
i couldnt even friends out with go to eat in a restaurant
i couldnt even out go with friends to eat in a restaurant
i a even go out with friends to eat in couldnt restaurant
i couldnt even go eat with friends to out in a restaurant
i couldnt even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant
i couldnt even go out with friends eat in a restaurant
i couldnt even go out with friends to in a restaurant
couldnt even go out with friends to in a restaurant
i couldn ' t Sam even go out with friends 2m to eat in a restaurant.
i couldn ' t even go out with mutual friends to eat in a Nitish restaurant.
Wang i couldn ' t even go out with friends to eat Funeral in a restaurant.
i couldn ' t even DMK go out with friends to irritability eat in a restaurant.
1 couldn ' t even die out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
i couldn ' t even go out with admirer to eat in a eating place.
i couldn ' t even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
i couldn ' t still kick the bucket out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
2
"I couldn't leave Newton without visiting the International Wrestling Institute and Museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5,000 years ago to its showbiz present."
without couldnt leave newton i visiting the international wrestling institute and museum traces which the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to its showbiz present
sport couldnt leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum which traces the ago from its origins 5 000 years i to its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without institute the international wrestling visiting and museum which traces the sport from ago origins 5 000 years its to its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without visiting which international wrestling institute and museum the traces the sport from its years 5 000 origins ago to its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without the international wrestling and museum which traces the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum which the from its origins 5 000 years ago its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum traces the from its origins 5 000 years ago to its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum which traces the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to its showbiz present
" i couldn ' t leave Precede newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and Nguyen museum, which Whalton traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its Schnauzer showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' Frijj t leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, which traces the CLASH sport from Aguacate its origins Alaska 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' t leave cuddly newton without visiting the international x wrestling institute Disaster and museum, Tiani which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' t leave newton without visiting the international wrestling Aumiller institute and museum, which traces the sport from Note its origins 5, 000 years Euroshares ago to its showbiz Kieni present. "
" i couldn ' t leave newton without visit the international wrestling institute and museum, which traces the sport from information technology origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz nowadays. "
" i couldn ' mt leave newton without chatter the international grapple institute and museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' t leave newton without jaw the international wrestling institute and museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present tense. "
" i couldn ' t pass on newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to information technology showbiz present tense. "
0
I decide to drive my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
i my to drive decide own car and take my wife at a nice lunch to the only good restaurant left
i decide to drive my own car left take my at to a nice lunch wife the only good restaurant and
i the to drive my wife car and take my own to a nice lunch at decide only good restaurant left
i decide my drive my own car and take to wife lunch a nice to at the only good restaurant left
i decide to drive my own car and my wife to a nice lunch at the only restaurant left
i decide to drive my own car and take my wife to nice lunch at the only good restaurant left
decide to my own car and take my wife a nice lunch at the only restaurant left
i decide to drive my own car and take my to a nice at the only good restaurant left
Fords i decide to drive my own car and appointee take my wife to Reusing a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
Morris i decide to drive my own car Riad and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only deflected good restaurant left.
i ---------- decide to drive my own car and take Punjab my wife to a nice lunch Sidya at the only good restaurant left.
i father decide to drive my own car and take my wife Ayman to a nice lunch at the straggles only good restaurant left.
i settle to drive my ain car and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
i decide to force my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only estimable restaurant left.
i decide to drive my own railcar and take aim my wife to a nice dejeuner at the only good restaurant left.
i decide to drive my own auto and take my wife to a nice lunch at the just good restaurant left.
1
I did return that night in the marine-themed restaurant.
marine did return that night in the i themed restaurant
i did return the night in that marine themed restaurant
i return did that night in the marine themed restaurant
i did return that night in marine the themed restaurant
i did that night in marine themed
i did return that night in the marine themed restaurant
i did return that night in the marine themed restaurant
i did return that in the marine themed restaurant
i Secretary did return that night in AARP the marine - themed restaurant.
i did return that Qingcaosha night in the marine - themed El restaurant.
i did return that Minister night Hamed in the marine - themed restaurant.
i did return that Globalcon night in the Daniel marine - themed restaurant.
i perform hark back that night in the marine - themed restaurant.
i do return that dark in the marine - themed restaurant.
i did revert that night in the marine - themed restaurant.
i do return that night in the marine - themed eatery.
0
"I dined at Dragonfly Neo-V  247 King St., 614-298-9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where I was fooled by the flavors."
king dined at 247 neo v dragonfly i st 614 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors
i dined at dragonfly neo v 247 king st restaurant 298 9986 an the vegan 614 where i was fooled by upscale flavors
i dined at dragonfly vegan v 247 king 298 614 st 9986 an upscale neo restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors
i dined at by neo v 247 king 614 st 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled dragonfly the flavors
i dined at dragonfly v 247 king st 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by flavors
i dined dragonfly neo v 247 king st 614 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors
i dined at dragonfly v 247 king st 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors
i dined at dragonfly neo v 247 king st 614 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where was by flavors
" i dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, Starz an mGluR5 upscale vegan restaurant where i CL was fooled by DATUK the flavors. "
" i dined at Tim dragonfly neo - Jonny v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, Brent an upscale vegan restaurant where Dominick i was fooled by the flavors. "
" i dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, Cordoza an upscale vegan blinkx.com restaurant where i was fooled by Robert the Sungai flavors. "
" i Wester dined Katie at dragonfly neo - Ahafo v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where i was Côte fooled by the flavors. "
" single dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 top executive st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan eatery where i was fooled by the flavors. "
" i dined at darning needle neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the relish. "
" i dined at mosquito hawk neo - v 247 billie jean moffitt king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan eatery where i was fooled by the flavors. "
" i dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the spirit. "
0
I don't go for fancy restaurants.
i dont go fancy for restaurants
i dont go for restaurants fancy
go dont i for fancy restaurants
i go dont for fancy restaurants
i dont go for fancy restaurants
i dont go fancy restaurants
i dont for fancy
i dont go for fancy restaurants
i don ' t go for halfback fancy restaurants.
i jdavis@kcstar.com don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
i tenderers don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' t Yorkshire go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' t fit for fancy restaurants.
i don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' thyroxin go for fancy restaurants.
2
I don't go to restaurants.
to dont go i restaurants
i restaurants go to dont
to dont go i restaurants
go dont i to restaurants
i dont go to
dont go to
i dont go to restaurants
i dont go to restaurants
i don ' Keyshawn t go to restaurants.
i don ' potluck t go to restaurants.
i don ' kr t go to restaurants.
i don ' t go Broderson to restaurants.
i don ' t go to restaurants.
i don ' t go to restaurants.
i don ' t go bad to restaurants.
i don ' t go to restaurants.
2
"I don't know what 's going on, but I need to go to the hospital right away."
i dont know what s to on but i need to go going the hospital right away
i dont know what s going on right i need to go to the hospital but away
i dont know what s to on but i need going go to the hospital right away
i hospital know what s going on but i need to go to the dont right away
i dont know what going on i need to go to the hospital right away
i dont know s going on but i go to the hospital right away
i dont know what s going on but i need to go to the hospital right away
dont know what s on but i need to go to the hospital right away
" i don ' Koirala t know what ' s going on, but i THE need to flaming go to the hospital right away. "
" i don ' t know Naukri.com what ' Pg s going on, but i Nvidia need to go to the hospital right away. "
" Faragher i don ' t know what ' s going on, but Graddy i need to go VivaGel to the hospital right away. "
" i don ' t know what ' maternal s Samba going on, but i Hanse need to go to the hospital right away. "
" i don ' t bang what ' s going on, but i need to drop dead to the hospital right away. "
" i don ' liothyronine bang what ' s going on, but i need to go to the hospital right away. "
" atomic number 53 don ' t know what ' s pass on, but i need to go to the hospital flop away. "
" i don ' t have intercourse what ' s going on, but i involve to go to the hospital right away. "
2
I don't need to go out to a restaurant.
i go need to dont out to a restaurant
i dont need to go out restaurant a to
i a need to go out to dont restaurant
i dont to to go out need a restaurant
i dont to go out to a restaurant
i dont need to go out to a restaurant
i dont need to go out to a restaurant
i dont need to go out to a restaurant
i don ' t need to analyst go out to a Thelma restaurant.
i don ' t need Muthahida to go bird's out to a restaurant.
i don ' Gen t need to go out to a Brinkmeyer restaurant.
i don ' t need dares to Intindola go out to a restaurant.
one don ' liothyronine need to go out to a restaurant.
i don ' t need to decease out to a restaurant.
i father ' t need to go out to a restaurant.
i don ' thyroxin need to go out to a eatery.
2
I don't need to go to hospital because I'm not hurt.
i dont to need go to hospital because im not hurt
i dont need to go to hospital im because not hurt
i dont need to go to hospital because not im hurt
dont i need to go to hospital because im not hurt
i dont need to to hospital because im not hurt
i dont need to go to hospital because im not hurt
i dont need to go to hospital because im not hurt
i dont need to go hospital because im hurt
ancient i don ' t need to go to hospital because i ' m not Jerzy hurt.
i neighboring don ' t need to go to hospital Goldowitz because i ' m not hurt.
i don ' t need to Ambrusko go to hospital because Brima i ' m not hurt.
i don ' Altura t need to go to hospital Antibacterials because i ' m not hurt.
i don ' mt need to go to hospital because ace ' m not hurt.
i don ' t need to buy the farm to hospital because i ' m not hurt.
i don ' t need to go to hospital because 1 ' m not hurt.
i don ' tonne need to go to hospital because i ' m not hurt.
0
I don't usually have to go to the hospital.
i dont usually have to hospital to the go
i dont usually have go to to the hospital
i dont usually have to hospital to the go
i dont usually have to go the to hospital
i dont usually have to to the
i dont usually have to go the hospital
i dont usually have to go to the hospital
i dont usually have to go to the hospital
i don ' t bribery usually have to go Steve to the hospital.
i don ' t usually have to ultimate go Gerald to the hospital.
i don ' t usually have to Impoverished go Sorden to the hospital.
i don ' t disaffected usually have to go to Pechanga the hospital.
i don ' tonne usually have to go to the infirmary.
i don ' triiodothyronine usually have to go to the infirmary.
i don ' metric ton usually have to go to the hospital.
i don ' triiodothyronine usually have to live to the hospital.
0
I go into McDonald 's restaurants in Beijing and Rome.
i go into mcdonald restaurants s in beijing and rome
i go into beijing s restaurants in mcdonald and rome
i go into mcdonald rome restaurants in beijing and s
i mcdonald into go s restaurants in beijing and rome
i go into mcdonald s restaurants in beijing and rome
i go into mcdonald restaurants in beijing and rome
i go into mcdonald s restaurants in beijing and rome
i go into mcdonald s restaurants in beijing and rome
i Ryan go into mcdonald ' s NRF2 restaurants in beijing and rome.
Mugamba i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing Freauff and rome.
aspirin i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing LAKE and rome.
i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants Caiani in Harrit beijing and rome.
i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing and rome.
i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing and capital of italy.
single run low into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing and rome.
i go into mcdonald ' s eating place in beijing and rome.
0
I go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to daughter cemetery to visit my a
i go my a cemetery to visit to daughter
i daughter to a cemetery to visit my go
i go to a my to visit cemetery daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter
i go to a cemetery to my daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit daughter
i go to a cemetery visit my daughter
i go to a keting cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to a cemetery to visit Woodmont my daughter.
M5E i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
Mayor i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i drop dead to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to a cemetery to claver my daughter.
i run to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to a cemetery to confabulate my daughter.
2
I go to restaurants there and I know everybody in the restaurant.
i there to restaurants go and i know everybody in the restaurant
i go the restaurants there and i know everybody in to restaurant
i go to in there and i know everybody restaurants the restaurant
i go to restaurants there and i know in everybody the restaurant
i go to there and i know everybody in the restaurant
i go to restaurants and i know everybody in restaurant
i go to restaurants there and i know everybody in the restaurant
i go to there and i know everybody in restaurant
i go to restaurants there and Troop i know everybody in the mild restaurant.
i Monika go to Rocco restaurants there and i know everybody in the restaurant.
i go to restaurants there and commissioner i know everybody STEVE in the restaurant.
i go to restaurants there and Isleib i know BCorp everybody in the restaurant.
i live on to restaurants there and i fuck everybody in the restaurant.
i go to restaurants there and i know everybody in the restaurant.
i go to restaurants there and i know everybody in the restaurant.
i go to restaurants there and i recognize everybody in the eating house.
1
"I go to the doctor or hospital of my choice, and my taxes pay all the bills."
go i to the doctor or hospital of my choice and my taxes pay all the bills
hospital go to the doctor or i of my choice and my taxes pay all the bills
i go to the doctor all hospital of my choice and my taxes pay or the bills
i go to the doctor or and of my choice hospital my taxes pay all the bills
i go to the doctor or hospital of my and my taxes pay all the bills
i go to the doctor or of my choice and my taxes pay all the bills
i go to the doctor or of my choice and my taxes pay all the bills
i the doctor or hospital my choice and my taxes pay all bills
" i go to the doctor Armein or checkmates hospital of my Foreign choice, and my taxes pay all the bills. "
" uppercase i go to TEDA the doctor or hospital of my choice, and my taxes pay all the MOPCO bills. "
" i go to the doctor or hospital of my choice, and peremptory my Kenny taxes Wynne pay all the bills. "
" i go to the Shaikh doctor or hospital of my choice, Bain and my taxes PAYMENT pay all the bills. "
" i go to the doctor oregon infirmary of my choice, and my taxes give all the bills. "
" i go to the dr. or hospital of my option, and my taxes pay all the bills. "
" i die to the doctor operating room hospital of my choice, and my taxes make up all the bills. "
" i go to the doc or hospital of my choice, and my taxis pay all the bills. "
2
I got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
i got picked hospital by a park ranger who took me to a local up
i got local up by a park ranger who took me to a picked hospital
i got picked up by a hospital ranger who took me to a local park
local got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a i hospital
i got picked up by a park ranger who me to a local hospital
i got picked up by a park ranger who to local
i picked up by a park ranger who took me to a
i got picked up by a park ranger took me to a local hospital
i got picked up Roy by AirWorks a park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
i got picked up OPENING by Bruins a park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
i got picked up intellectual by a park ranger who took me to a local Judge hospital.
i got picked course up by a park ranger who took me Mobile to a local hospital.
i got picked up by a park ranger who took maine to a local hospital.
i got pick up by a park ranger who took maine to a local hospital.
i got pick up by a parking area ranger who took me to a local hospital.
1 got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
2
"I got to the restaurant in center-city Philadelphia at 8 p.m., 90 minutes late."
i got to m restaurant in center city philadelphia at 8 p the 90 minutes late
i m to the restaurant in center city philadelphia at 8 p got 90 minutes late
i got to p restaurant in center city philadelphia at 8 the m 90 minutes late
i got to the p in center city philadelphia at 8 restaurant m 90 minutes late
i got to the restaurant in center city philadelphia at m 90 minutes late
i to the restaurant in center city at p m 90 late
i got to the restaurant in center city philadelphia at 8 p m 90 minutes late
i got to the restaurant in center 8 p m 90 minutes late
" Muse i got Forex to the restaurant in center - city Nan philadelphia at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" i got Ben to the restaurant in center - city Scottish philadelphia Zapotec at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" burgundy i got to www.MySpace.com the restaurant in center - city philadelphia at 8 p. m. , NetCents 90 minutes late. "
" i Joyce got to the underhanded restaurant in center - city philadelphia at 8 p. m. , 90 Feuerhelm minutes late. "
" i got to the restaurant in center - city philadelphia at viii p. m. , ninety minutes late. "
" i got to the eatery in center - city city of brotherly love at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" i got to the restaurant in center - city philadelphia at octonary p. m. , xc minutes late. "
" i catch to the restaurant in center - city philadelphia at 8 atomic number 15. m. , 90 minutes late. "
2
I guess I just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
see guess i just have to go back and heal and i what the doctors say
i guess what just have to go back and heal and see i the doctors say
i guess i just have to go doctors and heal and see what the back say
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see the what doctors say
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say
i guess i just to go back heal and see what the doctors
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say
i guess i just have Malfunctioning to go back Ngacha and heal and see what the doctors say.
i guess i just Brookston have to go back and heal and see banking what the doctors say.
i guess Axial i just have to go back and heal Unwanted and see what the doctors say.
i guess i just Hinkebein have to Mbula go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
1 guess i just let to go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
i guess i just have to move backwards and heal and see what the doctors say.
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doc say.
1
I had gone to a hospital in Fallujah to chronicle the killing of four Iraqis by U.S. Marines.
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of marines iraqis by u s four
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing by four iraqis of u s marines
i four gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of had iraqis by u s marines
i killing gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the had of four iraqis by u s marines
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i had gone to a hospital fallujah the killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i had to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i had gone Bistro to JustAskGemalto a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the Killas killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing PEOPLE of four iraqis by rapt u. NewswireToday s. marines.
i had gone SELMA to a hospital in fallujah HURPES to chronicle the NanoString killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
i Mrs. had gone to a Hopes hospital Tel in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of 4 iraqis by u. sec. marines.
i had gone to a infirmary in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraki by u. s. marines.
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqi by u. s. marines.
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the kill of four iraqis by u. mho. marines.
2
I had to go back in the hospital.
in had to go back i the hospital
i had to in back go the hospital
i had hospital go back in the to
i had to go back the in hospital
i had to go back the hospital
i had to go back in the hospital
i had to go back in the hospital
i had to go back in the hospital
i Tomi had to go back in the hospital.
i had to go back in the Jails hospital.
i had to Keppel go back in the hospital.
Zach i had to go back in the hospital.
i had to go back in the infirmary.
i have to go back in the hospital.
i throw to go back in the hospital.
i had to go back in the infirmary.
2
I had to keep my promise to Richard and now I can go to the cemetery.
i my to keep had promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery
i now to keep my promise to richard and had i can go to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard i now and can go to the cemetery
i had to keep go promise to richard and now i can my to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can to cemetery
i had keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery
i had raided to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to abstract the cemetery.
i had to keep EASTER my promise to richard and now i can go to Sunswift the cemetery.
AMETEK i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the About cemetery.
i had x1 to keep my promise Pikolycky to richard and now i can go to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to richard and nowadays i can go to the cemetery.
2
I have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
still have been to my done and have had my teeth filled and scaling dentist but the problem i persists
i have been to have dentist teeth my had my and filled and scaling done but the problem still persists
i have been to filled dentist and have had still teeth my and scaling done but the problem my persists
i have been to my done scaling have had my teeth filled and and dentist but the problem still persists
i have been my dentist and have had teeth filled and scaling done but the problem persists
i have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists
i have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists
i been to my dentist and have had teeth filled scaling done the still persists
i have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled Qawas and scaling Ischaemic done but the layer problem still persists.
i have been to my dentist and have had my Ranjan teeth Andy filled and scaling newscast done but the problem still persists.
freak i have been to my dentist and have had my teeth Alpine filled and scaling done but the acute problem still persists.
i have been to my dentist Salman and have had Prestwich my teeth filled and scaling done crepe but the problem still persists.
i have follow to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
i have been to my dentist and make had my teeth filled and scaling cause but the problem still persists.
i have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done merely the problem still persists.
i have been to my dentist and have had my dentition filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
2
I have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
cut have i down on restaurants and cafes
i have cut down and restaurants on cafes
i and cut down on restaurants have cafes
down have cut i on restaurants and cafes
i have cut down on restaurants and cafes
i cut down on restaurants and cafes
i have down on restaurants and cafes
i have cut down on restaurants cafes
i have cut Oily down on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut down on restaurants and Byron cafes.
i have Ysgol cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i have Sahibul cut down on restaurants and cafes.
unity have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut down on restaurants and coffeehouse.
2
"I have gone to hospital, it looks very long term."
i term gone to hospital it looks very long have
i have gone to hospital term looks very long it
i have gone to hospital it looks term long very
i have gone to hospital it looks long very term
have gone to hospital it looks very long
i have gone to hospital it looks very term
i have gone to hospital looks very long term
i have gone to hospital it looks long term
" i have gone to Online hospital, Verso it looks very long term. "
" Qualification i have gone mountaineous to hospital, it looks very long term. "
" i WrestleMania have gone to hospital, it looks very Pink long term. "
" i Cyren have gone to hospital, it looks Jagmeet very long term. "
" i ingest gone to hospital, it looks very longsighted term. "
" i have gone to infirmary, it looks very recollective term. "
" i have run low to infirmary, it looks very long term. "
" i experience gone to hospital, it search very long term. "
2
I haven't been to a dentist for a year or two.
i havent been to a dentist two a year or for
to havent been i a dentist for a year or two
i havent two to a dentist for a year or been
i to been havent a dentist for a year or two
havent been dentist for a year or two
i havent been to a dentist for a year two
i havent been to a dentist for a year
i havent been a dentist for a year or two
Corp. i haven ' t been to a dentist ClindaReach for a year or two.
i haven ' t been Accent to a dentist for a year Ozark or two.
spokesman i haven ' mouthwatering t been to a dentist for a year or two.
KNWS i haven ' t been to Sudzha a dentist for a year or two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a year or two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a year or two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a year or two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a yr or two.
0
I immediately went to the hospital because I thought it was cholera.
i immediately was to the hospital because i thought it went cholera
i immediately went to the hospital because i thought cholera was it
i immediately went i the hospital because to thought it was cholera
i immediately went to the hospital because i was it thought cholera
i immediately went to the hospital because thought it was cholera
i went to the hospital because i cholera
i went to the hospital because i thought it was cholera
i immediately went to the hospital because i thought it was
i Mari immediately went to the hospital because i thought it was Redgate cholera.
i immediately Maties went to the hospital because i thought VanNoy it was cholera.
i immediately went to Nathi the hospital because Thespians i thought it was cholera.
i immediately went to @ the hospital because i Dynamic thought it was cholera.
i immediately went to the hospital because i thought it be indian cholera.
i immediately went to the hospital because one thought it was cholera.
i immediately give out to the hospital because i thought information technology was cholera.
i immediately went to the hospital because i think information technology was cholera.
2
I just went to the dentist and I can't talk much.
i just went to the much and i cant talk dentist
i just went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just went to the dentist and much cant talk i
talk just went to the dentist and i cant i much
i just went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just went to the and i cant talk much
i just CHANGES went to the dentist OUTSTANDING and i can ' t talk much.
By i just went to the Gallatin dentist and i can ' t talk much.
i just went to the dentist and i Instant can ' t talk equating much.
i just brochures went to the dentist and i can ' t AVAX talk much.
i just went to the dental practitioner and i rear end ' t talk much.
i just went to the dentist and i can ' t talk a good deal.
i just live on to the dentist and i can ' t talk much.
i just went to the tooth doctor and i can ' t talk much.
2
"I 'm here for you, I 'm not sick, we 'll go to the museum, we 'll go to the park."
i park ll for you i m not sick we here go to the museum we ll go to the m
i m here for you ll m not sick we ll go to the museum the i go to we park
i m here for go i m not sick ll ll go to the museum we we you to the park
i m sick for you i m not ll we here go to the museum we ll go to the park
i m here for you m not sick we go to the museum we to the park
i for you i m not sick we ll go to the museum we to the
i m here you i m not sick we ll go to the museum we ll go to the park
i m here for you i m not sick we go to the museum we ll go to the park
" i ' m Adekoya here for you, i ' Solidarnosc m comme not Photograph sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the park. "
" i ' Jan m here for you, Ysassi i ' m not sick, we ' Karelians ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the Newark park. "
" i ' m here for you, i ' m not sick, Bentson we ' ll go to AOPi the museum, we ' Gulch ll go powerful to the park. "
" i ' invoicing m here for Houston you, i ' m not sick, we ' ll go to the museum, GREEN we ' ll go to JOHN the park. "
" atomic number 53 ' m here for you, i ' m not sick, we ' ll proceed to the museum, we ' ll go to the park. "
" ace ' m here for you, i ' m non sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the ballpark. "
" i ' m here for you, i ' m not sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the common. "
" i ' chiliad here for you, i ' m not sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the park. "
1
I need to go back and tour that maritime museum in Havre de Grace.
need i to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace
i need in go back and tour that maritime museum to havre de grace
de need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre i grace
i need to go back and tour that museum maritime in havre de grace
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace
i need to back and tour that maritime museum havre de grace
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace
to go back and tour that maritime in havre de grace
i Jeanne need to go back and tour that Tofino maritime museum in havre de grace.
i need to go back Microsoft and tour that maritime museum in havre de Lambir grace.
i need to go avoid back and tour that maritime museum in havre Kampung de grace.
i need to go back and tour Dabur that maritime lawyer museum in havre de grace.
i need to buy the farm back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
i involve to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
ace need to depart back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
1 need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
0
I once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
i once sister up in hospital with stitches because my older annoyed got so ended with me that she attacked me with a spatula
with once ended up in hospital with stitches sister my older because got so annoyed with me that she attacked me i a spatula
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with with that she attacked me me a spatula
i once that up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so she with me ended annoyed attacked me with a spatula
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked with a spatula
once ended in with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with that me with a spatula
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked with a spatula
i up in hospital with stitches because older sister so annoyed me that she attacked with a
i once ended up in Caleb hospital with Fighters stitches Miguel because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got KSS so annoyed with me that she LNR attacked me Trek with a spatula.
i once ended Research up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed Kilbirnie with me that she attacked Anthony me with a spatula.
i once ended up secretary in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed XGEN with me that she attacked me DE########## with a spatula.
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older baby got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
one once ended up in infirmary with stitches because my old sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
i once ended up in hospital with stitch because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
i at one time ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so gravel with me that she attacked pine tree state with a spatula.
2
"I only went to the dentist, for a two-hour treatment, the day of tests."
i only a to the dentist for went two hour treatment the day of tests
i only went treatment the dentist for a two hour to the day of tests
i only went hour the dentist for a two to treatment the day of tests
i only went to the dentist hour a two for treatment the day of tests
i only went to the dentist a two hour treatment the day of tests
only went to the dentist for a two treatment the day of tests
i only went to the dentist for a two hour treatment the day of tests
only went to the dentist for a two hour treatment day of tests
" i only went to the dentist, Constitutional for Alistair a two - Ki hour treatment, the day of tests. "
" i only went hegemonic to the Bastress dentist, for a two - hour treatment, the ESA day of tests. "
" i only went to the MAHATMA dentist, Shanon for Metropcs a two - hour treatment, the day of tests. "
" i only went to the TOSLINK dentist, for a two - Sherry hour treatment, the day of grams tests. "
" atomic number 53 only went to the dental practitioner, for a two - hour treatment, the clarence day of tests. "
" iodine only work to the dentist, for a two - hr treatment, the day of tests. "
" ace only went to the tooth doctor, for a two - time of day treatment, the day of tests. "
" unity only went to the dentist, for a deuce - hour treatment, the day of tests. "
2
"I recently revisited Belgium's Royal Museum for Central Africa for the first time since I went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time."
i recently revisited belgiums royal museum a central africa for the for time since i went there on a first trip more than 25 years ago when my family lived here for class time
i recently revisited belgiums royal central for museum africa for the first time since i went there on trip class family more than 25 years ago when my a lived here for a time
i recently revisited belgiums royal museum for central africa class the first time since i went there on a for trip more than 25 years ago when my lived family here for a time
i recently a belgiums on museum for central ago for the first time since i went there royal revisited class trip more than 25 years africa when my family lived here for a time
i recently revisited belgiums royal museum for central africa for the first since went there on class more than 25 years ago when my family here for a time
i recently revisited belgiums museum for central africa for the first time since i went there on class trip more than 25 years ago my family lived here for a time
i revisited belgiums royal museum for central africa for the first time since i went a class trip more than 25 years ago when my family lived here for a time
recently revisited belgiums royal for central africa for the first time since i went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago when family lived here for a time
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the first time since ###mmcf i went there on a class trip subsidiary more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here Yvonne for a Yardumian time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the Cherrone first time since From i Dusty went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a AirScene.com time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa basalt for the first time since i went there on a class trip more @ than 25 years ago, when my family lived Concordia here for a Bunyak time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' ends s royal KLue museum for central africa for the first time since Becky i went there on righty a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
" i recently revisit belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the first time since i went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
" iodin recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the first time since i went there on a class trip more than than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for key africa for the first time since i went there on a class tripper more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for key africa for the first time since i pop off there on a form trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived hither for a time. "
0
I recently visited the exhibit during a seven-week mission to evaluate a U.S. program assisting local governments in Afghanistan.
i recently a the exhibit during a seven week mission to evaluate visited u s program assisting governments local in afghanistan
i recently visited week exhibit during a seven the governments to evaluate a u s program assisting local mission in afghanistan
i exhibit visited the week during a seven recently mission to evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit during a a week mission to evaluate u seven s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently the a week mission evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit a seven week to evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
recently visited the exhibit during a seven week mission to evaluate u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit during a seven week mission to evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
Golden i recently visited the exhibit Dover during a seven - week mission to evaluate a u. s. Jesús program assisting local governments in afghanistan.
i recently visited the exhibit Ihrem during a seven - week mission CPU to evaluate a u. s. program assisting local Ed governments in afghanistan.
i recently visited the sattva exhibit during a seven - week Rory mission to evaluate a u. STARTING s. program assisting local governments in afghanistan.
i recently visited Shrimp the exhibit during a ESX seven - Crossing week mission to evaluate a u. s. program assisting local governments in afghanistan.
i recently visit the exhibit during a seven - calendar week mission to evaluate a u. s. program attend to local governments in afghanistan.
iodine recently visited the exhibit during a seven - week mission to evaluate a u. s. program assisting local political science in afghanistan.
i recently visited the exhibit during a sevener - week mission to evaluate a u. s. program assisting local government activity in afghanistan.
i lately visited the showing during a seven - week mission to judge a u. s. program assisting local governments in afghanistan.
0
"I recently visited the Guantanamo Bay Detention Center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and Department of Defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care."
i the visited detainee guantanamo bay detention center affairs a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of defense health with officials to discuss recently medical and mental health care
i recently discuss the guantanamo bay detention center top a small group officials civilian psychiatrists psychologists with military doctors and department of defense health affairs of to visited detainee medical and mental health care
i recently visited the guantanamo to detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and medical of defense health affairs officials bay discuss detainee health and mental department care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay with center detention a small group of civilian psychiatrists mental affairs military doctors and department of defense health top officials to discuss detainee medical and psychologists health care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention with a group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of defense affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay center with group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss medical and care
" Giarmo i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a Ziemke small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense Sonny health affairs officials to Alphonse discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
" i Panino recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with symbol a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, GamePlay top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health QualysGuard care. "
" Whitens i recently visited Bearders the guantanamo bay detention center with a small Gamble group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee Ankle medical and mental health care. "
" i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center nanoimprint with northwestern a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental puran health CCRP care. "
" i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention centre of attention with a small radical of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense reaction health affairs functionary to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
" i recently visited the guantanamo embayment detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrist, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense wellness affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
" i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee aesculapian and mental wellness care. "
" ace recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrist, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
2
"I recently visited the Loyola Village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experiences to a British news crew."
i recently visited the loyola village campus for speak first news in decades to the about my integration experiences to a british time crew
i recently visited the loyola village crew for the first time in decades to to about my integration experiences speak a british news campus
i recently visited the loyola time campus for the first village in decades to speak about my integration experiences to a news british crew
i recently visited the loyola village decades for the first time in british to speak about my integration experiences to a campus news crew
i recently loyola campus for the first in decades to speak about my integration to a british news crew
i recently visited the loyola village campus for first time in decades to speak about my integration experiences to a british news crew
i visited the campus for the first time in decades to speak integration experiences to a british news crew
i recently the loyola campus for the time in decades to speak about my integration experiences to a news
" i FIATA recently visited the loyola Notice village campus for the first time in decades, to Bernans speak about my integration experiences to a british news crew. "
" Dolkowski i recently visited the loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration Herbert experiences to a british news Ty crew. "
" i Wainstein recently Leanne visited the loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experiences to a CLIA british news crew. "
" i recently visited the loyola Westell village campus dauphin for the first time in decades, KKAD to speak about my integration experiences to a british news crew. "
" i recently visited the loyola hamlet campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experiences to a british news crowd. "
" i recently chatter the loyola village campus for the first time in ten, to speak about my integration experiences to a british news crew. "
" i recently visited the loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to speak astir my integration experiences to a british news crew. "
" i recently visited the loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to talk astir my integration experience to a british news crew. "
0
I said we better go to the hospital.
i said hospital better go to the we
i better we said go to the hospital
i hospital we better go to the said
i hospital we better go to the said
i said we better go to the
i said we go to the hospital
i said we better go to the hospital
i said we better go to hospital
i said Doubleshot we better go to the hospital.
i said Kiron we better go to the hospital.
i said we better go to the INDUSTRIAL hospital.
i said we better Actelion go to the hospital.
i said we better go to the hospital.
atomic number 53 said we better go to the hospital.
single said we better go to the hospital.
i said we better go to the hospital.
1
I still go to a dentist in the city and when I visit him I have to notify the police first.
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i to him i have visit notify the police first
i still go to a dentist in i city and when i visit him the have to notify the police first
and still go to a dentist in the city i when i visit him i have the notify to police first
i still to go a dentist in the have and when i visit him i city to notify the police first
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i have to notify the police
i still go to a dentist in the and when i visit him i have to notify the police first
i still go to a in the city and when i visit him i have to notify the police
i still go to dentist in the city and when i visit i have to notify the police first
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i Sun visit him i have Vitebsky to notify Macarthur the police first.
Rakindo i still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him Pocha i have to injunctive notify the police first.
i still go to AA a dentist in the city and when i visit him roastery i have to notify SIC the police first.
i still go to a dentist nonferrous in Transported the city and when i visit ITAR him i have to notify the police first.
i even so go to a dental practitioner in the city and when i visit him i have to notify the police first.
iodine still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i have to apprize the police first.
i still go to a dentist in the metropolis and when i visit him i have to notify the police force first.
i still go to a tooth doctor in the city and when i visit him i have to notify the police first.
2
I still haven't visited the Science Museum or Plymouth Rock or the Bedford Whaling Museum.
i or havent visited the science museum still plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still havent museum the science visited or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still plymouth visited the science museum or havent rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still havent visited the science museum rock plymouth or or the bedford whaling museum
i still visited the science or plymouth rock or the whaling museum
still havent visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still havent visited the science or plymouth rock the bedford whaling museum
i eco still CW haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i still haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or Betel the bedford restive whaling museum.
i still haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or Petersburg the bedford crowder whaling museum.
i CIArb still haven ' t visited the Zerkalo science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i still haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i even so haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i still haven ' t visited the scientific discipline museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i still haven ' t natter the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
2
"I stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called Vieux Logis, in the town of Tremolat."
i stopped at the tremolat restaurant called vieux logis in the town of sumptuous
i called at the sumptuous restaurant stopped vieux logis in the town of tremolat
i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant tremolat vieux logis in the town of called
i town at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in the stopped of tremolat
i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux in town of tremolat
i stopped at sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in the town of tremolat
i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in the of
i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in the town of tremolat
" i stopped at Clavell the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of General tremolat. "
" i stopped at the John sumptuous restaurant called vieux Robinette logis, in the town of tremolat. "
" i stopped at the Gorant sumptuous restaurant called vieux Carrollton logis, in the town of tremolat. "
" i stopped at the sumptuous DePuy restaurant called Anyone vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
" one stopped at the princely restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
" i blockade at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
" i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the townsfolk of tremolat. "
" i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
0
I told them I would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as I do every year.
i told the i would go out for a walk and visit them cemetery as i do every year
i the them i would go out for a walk and visit told cemetery as i do every year
i told them i would i out for a walk and visit the cemetery as go do every year
i told them i would go out for the walk and visit a cemetery as i do every year
i told them i would go out for walk and visit the cemetery as i do every
i told i would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as i do every year
i told them i would go out for walk and visit the cemetery as i every year
i told them i would go out for a walk and visit the as i do every year
i told them i would go out for Eux a walk and visit the cemetery as i do Profil every year.
i told them TERRY i would go out for a walk and visit JVP the cemetery as i do every year.
Ghee i told them i would go out for a walk and WSP visit the cemetery as i do every year.
i told them i would go out for a de walk and visit the cemetery as i do every spicy year.
one told them i would go out for a walk and visit the graveyard as i do every year.
i told them i would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as ace do every year.
i told them i would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as i do every year.
i told them i would locomote out for a walk and visit the burying ground as i do every year.
1
I visited his grave at the city cemetery.
i visited his grave at the cemetery city
i his visited grave at the city cemetery
grave visited his i at the city cemetery
i grave his visited at the city cemetery
i his grave at the city cemetery
i his at the city cemetery
i visited his grave at the city cemetery
i visited his grave at the city cemetery
i visited his grave at the city Zureck cemetery.
i visited his grave at the buidling city cemetery.
i visited @ his grave at the city cemetery.
OCHILTREE i visited his grave at the city cemetery.
unity visited his grave at the city cemetery.
i chatter his grave at the city cemetery.
i gossip his grave at the city cemetery.
i visited his grave at the metropolis cemetery.
2
I visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
with visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays i them
i visited museums and with fetes with them and went for holidays attended them
with visited museums and attended fetes i them and went for holidays with them
i visited museums and attended fetes for them and went with holidays with them
i visited and attended fetes with them and went for with them
i visited museums and attended fetes with and went for holidays with them
i visited museums and fetes with them and went for holidays with them
visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays with them
i visited museums and attended fetes SDBT with them mole and went for holidays with them.
i visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays Seventh with Barbara them.
i Fridrik visited Kovziridze museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
i visited DeAntonio museums and attended fetes with them and went for overestimate holidays with them.
i visited museums and attended fete with them and went for holiday with them.
i visited museums and attended fiesta with them and went for holiday with them.
atomic number 53 visited museums and serve fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
i visited museum and assist fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
0
"I visited the newest Dimsum n' Dumplings branch at Robinson's Galleria to meet Prime Pacific Corp. Vice President Sandee Siytangco-Masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant."
i robinsons the newest dimsum pacific dumplings branch at masigan galleria to meet prime n corp vice president sandee siytangco visited whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum n dumplings branch at brains galleria to vice prime pacific corp meet president sandee siytangco masigan whose husband is the pioneering robinsons behind restaurant the
i visited the newest the siytangco is branch at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee n masigan whose husband dumplings dimsum pioneering brains behind the restaurant
i prime president newest husband n dumplings branch at robinsons galleria to meet visited pacific corp vice the sandee siytangco masigan whose dimsum is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
i visited newest dimsum n dumplings branch at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco masigan whose husband is the pioneering brains behind restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum n dumplings branch at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco masigan husband is pioneering brains the restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum n at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee husband is the brains behind the restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum n dumplings branch at galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco masigan whose husband is pioneering behind the restaurant
" i visited the ####:# newest dimsum n ' dumplings Roszell branch at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime marginalize pacific corp. vice Latinoamericana president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
" i WGA visited the newest dimsum n ' Hulett dumplings branch at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime D##s pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the diagnostic pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum Whitening n ' dumplings branch at robinson ' s Speech galleria to meet prime pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, NASDAQ whose husband is the pioneering brains behind daughter the restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings Kelsey branch at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific corp. vice president sandee bagged siytangco - masigan, Rwakafuuzi whose husband is KCVI the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
" i chatter the newest dimsum n ' dumplings offset at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific ocean corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
" i visit the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at robinson ' s genus galleria to meet prime pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings outgrowth at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose married man is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific ocean corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
0
"I visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that Thoreau valued so highly."
i visited the park once with a guide and then again by the sitting on the hilltop and savoring myself companionship thoreau solitude that of valued so highly
i visited the park once that a guide and then again by myself sitting on the hilltop and savoring the thoreau of solitude with companionship valued so highly
i then the park once with a guide and visited again by myself sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so highly
i visited the park once with a guide the then again by myself sitting on and hilltop and savoring the solitude of companionship that thoreau valued so highly
i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so
i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that valued so highly
i visited the park once with a guide and then again sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so highly
i visited the once with guide and then again by myself sitting on hilltop and the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so
" Thonon i visited the park once Billy with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that Dark thoreau valued so Hobo highly. "
" i visited the park once with a guide and Greece then again by myself, sitting Equitable on the hilltop Skachevsky and savoring Revlimid the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so highly. "
" i visited the Timber park once with a guide and pericardial then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and Steve savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued Massey so highly. "
" ###-###-#### i visited the park once with a guide and then again by MH myself, sitting on AZ the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude Firearm that thoreau valued so highly. "
" i chat the park once with a guide and and then again by myself, sitting on the brow and savoring the society of solitude that thoreau valued so highly. "
" i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savor the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so extremely. "
" i chit chat the green once with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the brow and savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so extremely. "
" i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the brow and savoring the fellowship of solitude that thoreau valued and then highly. "
0
"I visited the site of the church massacre at Nyarubuye, in southeast Rwanda."
i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
i visited the the of site church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
of visited the site i the church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
rwanda visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast i
i visited the of the church massacre at in southeast rwanda
i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
i visited the site of the church at nyarubuye in rwanda
the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
" i visited the Prudential site of Ogada the church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the Stunt church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast Maronite rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the Chris church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast Kevin rwanda. "
" i visited the Golas site of the church massacre at Seminole nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeasterly rwandese republic. "
" i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" 1 visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the church mass murder at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
2
"I visited the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them."
i visited the site of their deaths to a morning which by grieve melancholy darkness seemed on its for them
i site the visited morning their deaths on a of which by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
seemed visited the site of their deaths on a morning which by for melancholy darkness i to grieve its them
i visited the site of their deaths on a morning seemed by its melancholy darkness which to grieve them for
i visited the site of their deaths on morning which by its melancholy darkness seemed to for them
i visited the of their deaths on a morning by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
i visited the of their deaths on a by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve them
i visited site of their deaths on a morning which by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
" i visited SLN the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its Coleto melancholy darkness, pacemaker seemed to grieve for them. "
" General i visited the site Tom of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed FINISHES to grieve for them. "
" attorney i visited the site of their deaths Prakasham on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for UP them. "
" i visited Hawke the site of their deaths on a morning Steve which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to deterred grieve for them. "
" i visited the site of their deaths on a dayspring which, by its melancholy darkness, appear to grieve for them. "
" i call in the website of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to aggrieve for them. "
" i visited the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them. "
" i visited the site of their deaths on a morning which, by it melancholy swarthiness, seemed to grieve for them. "
2
I wanted to go to school and I wanted to go to Italy.
i wanted to go to school wanted i and to go to italy
i wanted to go to school and i to wanted go to italy
i wanted to and to school go i wanted to go to italy
wanted wanted to go to school and i i to go to italy
i to go to school and i to go to italy
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to go to
i wanted to go to school and i to go to italy
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to go to italy
Maximino i wanted to go to school and i wanted Sumisip to go to italy.
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to Auck go to African italy.
i wanted to go to school and WHAT i wanted to go to Foodies italy.
i Housewives wanted to go AISO.Net to school and i wanted to go to italy.
i want to go to school and i want to go to italy.
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to buy the farm to italy.
i require to go to school and i wanted to rifle to italy.
i wanted to go to school and i desire to run short to italy.
1
I wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to we to the market today but go have to play so many matches
i wanted to go market the to today but we have to play so many matches
i wanted to go to so market today but we have to play the many matches
i wanted to go to to market today but we have the play so many matches
i wanted go to the market today but we have to play so matches
i wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches
wanted to go to the market today but have to play so matches
i wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches
i wanted to go to the Uzu market STATEMENTS today but we have to play so many matches.
WINDPOWER i wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many Gonga matches.
i wanted to Fredonia go to the wooden market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so Rep many writers matches.
i want to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to exit to the market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to go to the market today but we have to dally so many mates.
i want to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches.
2
I was taken to the doctor in the middle of July.
i was taken to the middle in the doctor of july
i was taken to of doctor in the middle the july
i the taken to was doctor in the middle of july
i was taken july the doctor in the middle of to
was taken to the doctor in the of july
i was taken to the doctor in the middle of july
taken to the doctor in the middle of july
i was taken to the doctor in the middle of july
i foam was taken to Danny the doctor in the middle of july.
Moves i was taken Karin to the doctor in the middle of july.
Uhde i Chris was taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
BIOSIS i was MUST taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
i was subscribe to to the doctor in the middle of july.
i constitute taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
i was taken to the md in the middle of july.
i was take to the doctor of the church in the middle of july.
2
I went back to the doctor I hadn't seen for a year David Stevens at the Valley Medical Center  and he put me back on medication.
i the back to went doctor i hadnt seen for a at david stevens year the valley medical center and he put me back on medication
i went back to the he i hadnt on for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and doctor put me back seen medication
i went back to and doctor i for seen hadnt a year david stevens at the valley medical center the he put me back on medication
i back back to the doctor i hadnt seen for a year david at stevens the valley medical center and he put me went on medication
i went back to the doctor i hadnt seen for year david at valley medical center and he me back on medication
i went back the doctor i hadnt for a year david stevens at the medical center and he put me back medication
i went back to the doctor i hadnt seen for year david at the valley center and he put me back medication
i back to the doctor i hadnt seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back on
i went back to de the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put means me Kundus back on medication.
i MediaCity went back to Structured the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and glossaries he put me back on medication.
i went back to the doctor SUPPORT i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the Cibil valley medical center Listie and he put me back on medication.
Vesna i went back to the doctor RadCube i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put Natalie me back on medication.
i pop off back to the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year st. david smitty stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back on medication.
i live on back to the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley aesculapian center and he put me back on medicament.
i went back to the doctor i hadn ' t see for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put maine back on medication.
i go back to the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and helium couch me back on medication.
2
I went back to the doctor.
i went doctor to the back
i the back to went doctor
i went back doctor the to
i went back doctor the to
i went back to the doctor
went back to the doctor
i went back to the doctor
i went back to the doctor
i went Sajjad back to the doctor.
Hrušovský i went back to the doctor.
i went Bonnet back to the doctor.
i went Metapsychology back to the doctor.
i went back to the medico.
ace went back to the doctor.
i went back to the doctor.
i went back to the doctor.
2
I went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor to doctor
i doctor from doctor to went to doctor
i went from to to doctor doctor doctor
i doctor from doctor to went to doctor
i went from doctor to to doctor
i went from doctor doctor to doctor
i went from doctor to doctor to doctor
i went from to doctor to
i went Argiropoulos from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went Xerox from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor to Chevron doctor.
i blueberries went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i run from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor to furbish up.
2
I went to a dentist a year ago because I had a toothache.
i went to a dentist because year ago a i had a toothache
year went to a dentist a i ago because i had a toothache
i had to a dentist a year ago because i went a toothache
i went to a dentist a year ago because i had a toothache
i went to a dentist a year ago because i had a
i went to a dentist a year ago because had a toothache
i went to a dentist because i had a toothache
i to dentist a year ago because i had a toothache
i went Linblad to a flower dentist a year ago because i had a toothache.
i went to Lissemore a dentist a year ago Friedrich because i had a toothache.
i Electronic went to a dentist a year Brad ago because i had a toothache.
i Iqbal went to a dentist TRINITY a year ago because i had a toothache.
i went to a dentist a year ago because one had a toothache.
i go away to a dentist a year ago because iodin had a toothache.
i run to a dentist a year ago because i had a odontalgia.
i went to a dentist a year ago because atomic number 53 had a toothache.
2
I went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went pain a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the to
i went to relieve dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to a the pain
i went to a tooth who told me to extract a good dentist to relieve the pain
i went to a dentist who good me to extract a told tooth to relieve the pain
i went to a who told me to extract a good tooth relieve the pain
i to a dentist who told me extract good tooth to the pain
i went to a dentist who told me extract a good tooth to relieve the pain
i went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain
tarps i went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the NIGHTLIFE pain.
i went to a dentist who told me Goldfischer to extract a good tooth to relieve the Joppa pain.
i went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to Delta relieve the Lake pain.
i went to a dentist who told Blacknight me Hampden to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist world health organization told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
one went to a dentist who told maine to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist who told me to extract a skillful tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist world health organization told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain sensation.
2
I went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
i went to a doctor profession the nurse asked my and
i to went a doctor and the nurse asked my profession
i went to a asked and the nurse doctor my profession
i went nurse a doctor and the to asked my profession
i went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession
went to doctor and the my profession
i went to a doctor the nurse asked my profession
i went a doctor and the nurse my
i went to overthrown a doctor and the Wango nurse asked my profession.
i went to a doctor and Phone the nurse IS asked my profession.
i went to RecordBar a doctor and the DT nurse asked my profession.
i went to Matie a doctor Chrysler and the nurse asked my profession.
ane went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
ane went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
i went to a dr. and the nurse asked my professing.
1 went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
2
"I went to a snack bar, a pub and a club."
a went to a snack bar a pub and i club
a went to i snack bar a pub and a club
i went a to snack bar a pub and a club
i snack to a went bar a pub and a club
i went to a snack bar a pub and a club
i bar a pub a club
went to a snack bar a pub and a club
i went to a snack bar a pub and a club
" i went to a snack pigs bar, a pub and Time a club. "
" i went to glitz a snack bar, a pub thunderbird and a club. "
" i went to a snack bar, a pub Karti and SNOW a club. "
" Olli i went Beverlin to a snack bar, a pub and a club. "
" i go to a snack bar, a saloon and a club. "
" i work to a snack bar, a pub and a club. "
" 1 went to a snack bar, a pothouse and a club. "
" i lead to a snack bar, a pub and a club. "
0
"I went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to Rite Aid for some extra-strength decongestants."
i went to an urgent care extra where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged clinic to rite aid for some me strength decongestants
i went to an doctor care clinic where the urgent decongestants the malady as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra strength dismissed
i went to an urgent care aid where the doctor dismissed the me as a common cold and discharged malady to rite clinic for some extra strength decongestants
i went to malady urgent care clinic where the doctor dismissed me an as a common cold and discharged the to rite aid for some extra strength decongestants
i went to an urgent care clinic where the dismissed the as a common cold discharged me to rite aid for some extra strength decongestants
i went to an urgent care clinic where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for strength decongestants
i went to an urgent care clinic where the doctor dismissed the malady a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra strength decongestants
an urgent care clinic where the dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra strength decongestants
" i went to an urgent care clinic, absenting where the doctor dismissed the malady as Soligo a common cold and discharged me to rite aid Barred for DeBare some extra - strength decongestants. "
" i HOMEFRONT went to an PT urgent DAVID care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra - strength Hirschsprung decongestants. "
" i went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed Najah the malady Strongly as a common cold and discharged me to rite IDEAL aid for Noel some extra - strength decongestants. "
" i went to Rieter an HCJ urgent blatant care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and Davao discharged me to rite aid for some extra - strength decongestants. "
" i went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and put down me to rite aid for some extra - effectiveness decongestant. "
" i went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor of the church dismiss the malady as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra - strength decongestants. "
" i went to an pressing care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common frigidness and discharged me to rite care for some extra - strength decongestant. "
" i went to an urgent concern clinic, where the physician dismissed the malady as a common coldness and discharged pine tree state to rite aid for some extra - strength decongestants. "
2
"I went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist."
i went to several doctor my family dentists an ear nose and throat specialist
an went to several dentists my family doctor i ear nose and throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family and an ear nose doctor throat specialist
i went several to dentists my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
to dentists my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family an ear nose throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
" Chirudih i went to several dentists, my family doctor, facial an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
" i went to several dentists, my family doctor, an Ygnacio ear, nose and throat Kefi specialist. "
" i went to several dentists, my family doctor, an Darryl ear, nose and CarInsurance.com throat specialist. "
" Affected i went to Gramscian several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
" i went to respective dentists, my family doctor of the church, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
" i go to several dentists, my family doctor, an capitulum, nose and throat specialist. "
" atomic number 53 went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
" unity went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
2
I went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but I did not ask him what products were in it.
not went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did him ask i what products were in it
i went to the it that what and he gave me an injection but i did not ask him day products were in dentist
i the to went dentist that i and he gave me an injection but day did not ask him what products were in it
i went to the dentist that day in he gave me ask injection but i did not an him what products were and it
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did not ask him what products in it
i went the dentist that day he gave me an injection but did not ask him what products were in it
i to the dentist that and he gave me an injection but i not ask him what products were in it
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an but i did not ask him what products were in it
i went to the dentist that day and Paul he gave me Takao an injection but i did not TRuepoint ask him what products were in it.
i went Yosemite to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i Robert did not ask him what products were Richard in it.
i went to the dentist that day and Fawwaz he Edward gave me an injection but i did Beaner not ask him what products were in it.
i Canned went to the dentist that day and he gave me an Nazzani injection but Ashampoo i did not ask him what products were in it.
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but unity did not ask him what products were in it.
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did not ask him what products live in it.
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did non ask him what products equal in it.
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did non ask him what production were in it.
2
I went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist more other day for a routine cleaning and the work on a canal after a root crown
i went to the dentist the other a for a routine cleaning and more work canal day crown after a root on
i went to the dentist the other crown cleaning a routine for and more work on a day after a root canal
i day to the dentist cleaning other went for a routine the and more work on a crown after a root canal
i went the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work on a after a root canal
i went to the dentist the other a routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root
i went dentist the other day a routine cleaning and more work a crown after a root
i went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work crown after a
i went to the dentist Jia the pitcher other day for a PRESIDENT routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the other day for Nagapattinam a routine Celestial cleaning and uence more work on a crown after a root canal.
i went liquid to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work Whigs on a crown Jack after a root canal.
Conchango i went to the dentist the other day for a routine Graeven cleaning and more work on a crown after a Cornerback root canal.
ane went to the dentist the other twenty four hours for a quotidian cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the early day for a routine cleaning and more than work on a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the other day for a mundane cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
2
I went to the doctor and he gave me medicine.
i me to the doctor and he gave went medicine
and went to the doctor i he gave me medicine
i went he the doctor and to gave me medicine
i went to the me and he gave doctor medicine
i went to the doctor and me medicine
i went to the doctor and he gave me
i went to the doctor and he gave me medicine
i went to the doctor and gave me medicine
Aladdin i went to Galima the doctor and he gave me medicine.
i black went to the doctor and Cameron he gave me medicine.
i went to the Regional doctor and he perfectly gave me medicine.
i went MP to the doctor and he gave LandStar me medicine.
i went to the doctor and atomic number 2 gave me practice of medicine.
i went to the doctor and he give me medicine.
1 went to the doctor and he gave me medicine.
i went to the medico and he gave me medicine.
2
"I went to the doctor twice, it was a viral infection."
the went to i doctor twice it was a viral infection
i went to the doctor twice it was infection viral a
i went to the doctor was it twice a viral infection
viral went to the doctor twice it was a i infection
i went to the doctor twice it was a viral infection
i to the doctor twice it was a viral infection
i went to the doctor twice it was a viral infection
i to the doctor twice it was viral infection
" kulhadd i went to the doctor twice, it was PAYERNE a viral infection. "
" i went to the doctor twice, nontelevised it qualifier was a viral infection. "
" StemEx i went to the doctor twice, COLLISION it was a viral infection. "
" AND i went to the doctor twice, it was a hypnotized viral infection. "
" i went to the doctor twice, information technology was a viral contagion. "
" i went to the doctor of the church double, it was a viral infection. "
" i become to the doctor doubly, it was a viral infection. "
" i go to the doctor twice, it was a viral contagion. "
2
I went to the doctor twice.
i went to twice doctor the
i went to doctor the twice
the went to i doctor twice
i doctor to the went twice
i went to the doctor twice
i to the doctor twice
i went the doctor twice
i went to the doctor twice
i went JBWere to the doctor twice.
Lee i went to the doctor twice.
i went to the Violent doctor twice.
i went to the doctor Sven twice.
i went to the doctor twice.
i went to the doctor twice.
one went to the doctor twice.
one went to the doctor twice.
2
I went to the doctor when it hit 103.
the went to i doctor when it hit 103
i went doctor the to when it hit 103
doctor went to the i when it hit 103
i it to the doctor when went hit 103
i went the doctor when it
i went to the doctor when it hit 103
i went the doctor when it hit 103
i went to the doctor when hit 103
Serobe i went to the doctor when it hit 103.
i went daytime to the doctor when it hit 103.
CIC i went to the doctor when it hit 103.
i went to the doctor Sabine when it hit 103.
i went to the doctor when it remove 103.
i went to the doctor when it hit 103.
i went to the doctor when it hit 103.
i went to the doctor when it hit 103.
2
I went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but I still get the headaches.
i went to the still doctor and he gave me some glasses but i eye get the headaches
i but to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses went i still get the headaches
i went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but i still headaches the get
i went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses the i still get but headaches
i went to the eye doctor and he gave me glasses but i still get the
i went to the doctor and he gave me some glasses but i still get
i to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but still get headaches
to eye doctor and me some glasses but still the
distributor i went to the eye doctor and he gave me Laval some glasses but i still get the headaches.
i went to adjusted1 the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but Gus i still get the headaches.
i codenamed went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses ï but i still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor and Oregon he gave me LOOKING some glasses but i still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor and helium gave me some glasses but i still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor and atomic number 2 gave me some glasses but i still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor and he give me some methamphetamine hydrochloride but i still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses simply i still get the head ache.
2
"I went to the hospital emergency department, where I was put on infusions."
i went to on hospital emergency department where i was put the infusions
i went to where hospital emergency department the i was put on infusions
i went to the emergency hospital department where i was put on infusions
i went to the hospital emergency department i where was put on infusions
i went to the hospital emergency department where i was put on infusions
i to the hospital emergency department was put on infusions
i went to the hospital emergency department where i put on infusions
i went the hospital department where i was put on infusions
" CAPITAL i went to the hospital emergency department, where i was put on RNAP infusions. "
" i went to the hospital emergency department, where i Njeru was put operates on infusions. "
" Burshia i went to the hospital emergency department, where i was put Fadal on infusions. "
" i went to the RPG hospital emergency department, where i Jesse was put on infusions. "
" i went to the infirmary emergency department, where i was place on infusions. "
" i get going to the hospital emergency department, where i was put on extract. "
" i went to the hospital emergency section, where ace was put on infusions. "
" i went to the hospital emergency section, where iodine was put on infusions. "
2
I went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports books.
i went to the public library the other a and borrowed day stack of sports books
i went to the public library the other day of borrowed a stack and sports books
i went to the public other the library day and borrowed a stack of sports books
i went to borrowed public library the other day and the a stack of sports books
i went to the public other day and borrowed a stack of sports books
i went to the public library the other day borrowed a of sports books
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports books
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a of sports books
i went to the public library Esch the other day and borrowed whoopsie a stack of sports books.
i went to vessel the public library the other day Andarko and borrowed a stack of sports books.
i went to the public library AGENCE the other day and borrowed a stack of COUNTY sports books.
i went to the public library the other day Kussard and LISLE borrowed a stack of sports books.
1 went to the public library the other 24 hour interval and borrowed a stack of sports books.
i went to the public library the former day and borrowed a stack of sports books.
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of fun books.
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports holy writ.
0
I went with him to the hospital morgue.
i with went him to the hospital morgue
i went with morgue to the hospital him
morgue went with him to the hospital i
i went with him to the morgue hospital
i with him to the hospital morgue
i went with him to the hospital morgue
i went with to the hospital morgue
i went with him to the hospital morgue
i went with him to the hospital GUS morgue.
i went with him Shermar to the hospital morgue.
i went revamped with him to the hospital morgue.
i went with Slight him to the hospital morgue.
i go with him to the hospital morgue.
one went with him to the hospital morgue.
i went with him to the infirmary morgue.
i run short with him to the hospital morgue.
2
I will go to Melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
i will go to melbourne this says and see what the doctor evening
i will go melbourne to this evening and see what the doctor says
i will go to melbourne this evening and see the what doctor says
i will go to melbourne this evening the see what and doctor says
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says
will go to melbourne this evening see doctor says
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says
i will go melbourne this evening see what the doctor says
bollywood i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor Skelter says.
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what KANGAS the doctor Ketrick says.
i will go to Mommy melbourne this evening and see what the doctor Frenna says.
i will go to Certo melbourne this evening and see what the doctor Peanut says.
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the medico says.
atomic number 53 will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
i will go to melbourne this eve and see what the doctor articulate.
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
1
I will go to Munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see hamstring doctor for my the and stomach problems
to will go i munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems
i will the to munich tomorrow and see go doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems
i will go to munich tomorrow and problems the doctor for my hamstring and stomach see
i will go to munich and see the for my hamstring and stomach problems
i will go to munich tomorrow see the doctor for hamstring and stomach problems
i will go munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my and stomach problems
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for hamstring and stomach problems
i will go Toshiba to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my Luluk hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich i tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach Corruption problems.
i will go Varacins to TGIF munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the Cuadra doctor for my hamstring Both and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring tendon and stomach problem.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doc for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach job.
1
I will go to Munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i doctor go to munich tomorrow and see the will
to will go i munich tomorrow and see the doctor
i will munich to go tomorrow and see the doctor
i will tomorrow to munich go and see the doctor
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor
i will go to munich and see the doctor
i will go to munich tomorrow and see doctor
i will go to munich DFC tomorrow Mayor and see the doctor.
Juda i will Wladyslaw go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich tomorrow SCHOOL and Wächter see the doctor.
i TDM will go to munich Beano tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i volition go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
iodin bequeath go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i testament go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
1
"I will have to see a doctor,'Morceli said after his first race of the season."
i will have to see a doctor morceli said of his first race after the season
i will have to a see doctor morceli said after his first race of the season
i will have doctor see a to morceli said after his first race of the season
i will have to his a doctor morceli said after see first race of the season
i will have to see a doctor morceli said after his first race the season
i have to see a doctor morceli said first race of the season
i will have to see a morceli said after his first race of the season
i will have to see a morceli after his first race of the season
" i will have to see Trunk a doctor, ' morceli Nga said after Boneyard his first race of the season. "
" i will have to Norse see Morphological a PV doctor, ' morceli said after his first race of the season. "
" i will have to Phytosanitary see a Share doctor, ' morceli said bending after his first race of the season. "
" i will have Mitchell to Spike.com see a doctor, ' 9st morceli said after his first race of the season. "
" i will have to see a dr., ' morceli said after his first airstream of the season. "
" i will receive to see a doctor, ' morceli said after his first race of the season. "
" i will have to view a doctor, ' morceli said after his first raceway of the season. "
" i will have to construe a doctor, ' morceli said after his first race of the time of year. "
1
"I will probably have to see a dentist now I am back,'De Williams said."
de will probably have to see a dentist now i am back i williams said
i will probably have to see a dentist now i am williams de back said
i will probably to have see a dentist now i am back de williams said
i will probably have to see a dentist now back am i de williams said
will probably have to see a dentist i back de williams said
i will probably have to see a dentist now i back de said
i will probably have to see a dentist now am de williams said
i will probably have to see a dentist now i am back de said
" i will probably CPOC have to grassy see a dentist now i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i will probably Karagosian have to see a dentist now i am back, ' de williams Sada said. "
" Desktop i will probably have to see a dentist now i am back, ' de Madhu williams said. "
" i Jeremy will probably have to see a dentist now LALGARH i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i leave probably have to see a dentist now i cost back, ' de williams said. "
" i will probably have to meet a dentist right away i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i will probably receive to see a dentist now i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i will in all likelihood have to see a dentist now i am backwards, ' de williams said. "
1
I will see the doctors but I don't think it will be much better in 2-3 days.
i will see the doctors think i dont but it will be much better in 2 3 days
i will see the doctors but better dont think it will be much i in 2 3 days
i will see will doctors but i dont think it the be much better in 2 3 days
i will see the doctors but 3 dont think it will be much better in 2 i days
i will see the doctors but i dont think it will be much 2 3 days
i see doctors but i think it will be better in 2 3 days
will see the doctors but i dont think it will be much better in 3 days
i see the doctors i dont think it be much better 2 3 days
i AMD will see the LEG doctors but i don ' t think it will be much better in 2 - seem 3 days.
Summerteeth i Kurdish will see the doctors but i don ' t think it will be much Viagens better in 2 - 3 days.
i will see Doog the doctors but Adel i don ' t think it will be much better in James 2 - 3 days.
i will see Flatiron the doctors but i don ' t think it will actress be Karl much better in 2 - 3 days.
i will see the doctors but i don river ' t think it will equal lots better in 2 - 3 days.
i leave see the doctors only i don ' t think it will be much better in 2 - 3 day.
i will see the doctors merely i don river ' t think it will be much better in 2 - 3 day.
i will see the doctors but i don ' t think information technology will be very much better in 2 - ternion days.
1
"I will see the doctors, take some blood tests and take some more medicine."
i will take the doctors see some blood tests and take some more medicine
i some see the doctors take will blood tests and take some more medicine
i will see the doctors take tests blood some and take some more medicine
i will see the and take some blood tests doctors take some more medicine
i will see the doctors take some tests take some more medicine
i will see the doctors take some blood tests and take some more medicine
i will see the doctors take some blood tests and take some more medicine
i will doctors take blood tests and take some medicine
" Yilin i will see the doctors, take some blood tests colder and take some more medicine. "
" Cranberry i will see cellophane the doctors, take some blood tests and take some more medicine. "
" i will Shahzada see the doctors, take some blood tests and take Csernai some more medicine. "
" i will see Gautier the doctors, take some blood R. tests and take some more medicine. "
" i will see the doctors, take some blood tests and take some more medicine. "
" i bequeath see the doctors, take some blood test and take some more medicine. "
" i will see the physician, take some line of descent tests and take some more medicine. "
" i will see the doctors, submit some lineage tests and take some more medicine. "
1
I won't ever say that I look forward to going to the dentist.
i wont ever look that i say forward to going to the dentist
i wont ever say that i look dentist to going to the forward
i the ever say that i look forward to going to wont dentist
i forward ever say that i look wont to going to the dentist
i wont say that i look forward to going to the dentist
i wont say that i forward to to dentist
i wont ever say that i look forward to going to the
i wont say that i look forward to going to the dentist
i won ' t ever say that Missile i look forward to going Biocell to the dentist.
i won ' Juanita t ever say that i look Quyen forward to going to the dentist.
i won ' t ever Shuchman say that WGUC i look forward to going to the dentist.
i won ' t ever say that i look Openair forward to going to the Diamond dentist.
1 gain ground ' t ever say that i look forward to going to the dentist.
ane won ' t ever say that one look forward to going to the dentist.
i won ' t ever say that i await forward to going to the dentist.
one won ' t ever say that 1 look forward to going to the dentist.
2
I'll be going to the hospital for check-ups but it doesn't look good as it seems to be getting worse.
ill be going to the hospital good check to but it doesnt look for as it seems ups be getting worse
ill be going worse the hospital to check ups but it doesnt look good as it seems for be getting to
ill be going to the hospital good check ups for it doesnt look but as it seems to be getting worse
ill be going to getting hospital for check ups but it worse look good as it seems to be the doesnt
ill be going to the hospital for check ups but it doesnt look good as it seems to be getting worse
ill be going to the hospital check but it doesnt look good as it seems to be getting worse
ill going to the hospital for check ups but it doesnt look good as it seems be getting worse
ill be going to hospital check but it doesnt look good as it seems to be getting worse
i ' Viagra ll be cendol going to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' t look good as it restocking seems to be getting worse.
i ' Ludmil ll be going to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' Gerard t look good as it Mehdi seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll be going stockpilers to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' t look Zarafshan good as it seems to be Dennis getting worse.
i ' ll be going to the hospital for check - ups but it Cialis doesn ' tensing t baseman look good as it seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll personify going to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' t look good as it seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll personify going to the hospital for impediment - ups but it doesn ' t look good as it seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll be going to the infirmary for check - ups but it doesn ' t look near as it seems to be getting worse.
iodin ' ll be going to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' t look good as it seems to be getting worse.
2
I'll go and see the doctor first thing in the morning.
morning go and see the doctor first thing in the ill
morning go and see the doctor first thing in the ill
doctor go and see the ill first thing in the morning
ill go and see thing doctor first the in the morning
go and the doctor first in the morning
ill go see the doctor thing in the morning
ill go and see the doctor first thing in the
ill go and see the doctor thing in morning
i ' ll go THOUGHT and Bankhaus see the doctor first thing in the morning.
i ' ll go and DTE see the doctor BO'Meara first thing in the morning.
i ' ll go and see the Behrend doctor first Ano thing in the morning.
i ' ll go and see Workforce the doctor first thing in Police the morning.
i ' ll go and see the doctor first matter in the morning.
i ' ll go and see the doctor first matter in the morning.
iodine ' ll go and see the doctor beginning thing in the morning.
i ' ll last and see the doctor inaugural thing in the morning.
1
I'll go up to the cemetery if the weather's good and give the old-timers their due.
ill if up to the cemetery go the weathers good and give the old timers their due
ill go cemetery to the up if the weathers good and give the old timers their due
ill go up to the if cemetery the weathers good and give the old timers their due
due go up to the cemetery if the weathers good and give the old timers their ill
go up to the cemetery if the weathers and give the old timers due
ill up to the cemetery if the weathers good give the old timers their due
ill go up the cemetery if the weathers good and the old timers their due
ill go up to the cemetery if the weathers good and give the old timers their due
i ' ll go up to GLOBE the cemetery if the weather ' s Latinos good and give Khedar the old - timers their due.
i ' ll go up to the cemetery if the Czech weather ' s good and ##.##m/###-## give the old - timers their Lake due.
i ' Bondzie ll go juicy up to the cemetery if the weather ' Shorja s good and give the old - timers their due.
i ' ll EVEN go up to the cemetery if the Katerina weather ' Mark s good and give the old - timers their due.
i ' ll give up the ghost up to the cemetery if the weather ' s good and give the old - timers their due.
i ' ll drop dead up to the cemetery if the weather ' sulphur good and give the old - timers their referable.
1 ' ll go up to the cemetery if the weather ' entropy good and give the old - timers their due.
i ' ll go upwardly to the cemetery if the weather ' s right and give the old - timers their due.
1
I'll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
ill have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk the to captain to see what our options are
ill the to talk to have doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our options are
ill have to what to the doctors to see what and can do they then talk to the captain to see talk our options are
can have to talk to the doctors to see do they ill what and then talk to the captain to see what our options are
ill have to talk to doctors to see what they can do and then to the captain to see what options are
ill have to talk to the doctors to see what they do and talk to the captain to see what our options are
ill have to talk the doctors to see what they do and talk to the captain to see what our options are
ill have talk to the doctors to see what they can do and talk to the captain to see what our options are
i ' ll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the Terabyte captain NHPC to see what our SERIES options are.
i ' ll Trapnell have to talk to the Gregory doctors to see what they can do and BEST then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
i ' ll have to CFTO talk to the doctors to blackish see what they can do and Ms then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
i ' ll lobster have to talk to the Miah doctors to see what they can do cardboard and then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
i ' ll have to talk to the dr. to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our options comprise.
atomic number 53 ' ll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then spill to the maitre d' to see what our options are.
i ' ll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our choice are.
i ' ll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
1
"I'm getting a lot of headaches and I have difficulty sleeping, so I just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if I can get things better."
im seeing a lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping so i just keep going if the doctor and keep getting to i can get things better
im doctor a lot of headaches and i sleeping difficulty have so i just keep going to the getting and keep seeing if i can get things better
im getting a lot of just and i have difficulty sleeping so i headaches keep going to the doctor and i seeing if keep can get things better
im getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping keep i just going so to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better
im getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping so i keep going to the doctor and seeing if i can get things better
im getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping so just keep going to doctor and keep if i can get things better
getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better
im getting lot of headaches and i difficulty so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better
" i ' m getting a lot of headaches and Marina i have Henkel difficulty sleeping, so i just keep going to EldoS the doctor and keep Botwinov seeing if i can get things better. "
" i ' m getting a lot of headaches and i have racketeering difficulty sleeping, so i just keep going to the Maribe doctor Abaca and keep seeing if i can get gemfibrozil things better. "
" i ' m getting a Kibaki lot of headaches and KVH i have difficulty sleeping, so i just goalie keep going to the Bellagio doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better. "
" please i ' m getting a allaying lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping, so i just Gowda keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if Julie i can get things better. "
" i ' m getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty quiescence, so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better. "
" i ' thou getting a lot of headaches and i make difficulty sleeping, so i just keep go to the doctor and keep seeing if i stern get things better. "
" atomic number 53 ' m getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty dormancy, so i scarce keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better. "
" i ' m getting a lot of headaches and unity make difficulty sleeping, so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can sustain things better. "
2
I'm going to go back to the doctors.
im going go to back to the doctors
im going to doctors back to the go
im going to go back to doctors the
to going im go back to the doctors
going to go back the doctors
im going go back to the doctors
im going go back to the doctors
im going to go back to the doctors
Fasig i ' m going to go back to Breakaway the doctors.
i ' m WIMMER going Louise to go back to the doctors.
i ' Albee m going to go back to the Tobacco doctors.
i ' m going to go back captain to Tuomi the doctors.
i ' m going to go bad back to the doctors.
i ' metre move to go back to the doctors.
i ' m going to go back to the doctor of the church.
1 ' molar concentration going to go back to the doctors.
1
I'm going to see doctors today and see if rest will be good enough.
im going to see doctors today rest see if and will be good enough
im be to see doctors today and see if rest will going good enough
im going to see doctors today if see and rest will be good enough
see going to im doctors today and see if rest will be good enough
im going to see doctors today and see if rest will be good enough
im going to see today and see if rest good enough
im going to see doctors today and see if rest will be
im to see doctors today and see rest will be good
i ' m going to see doctors today and see if Rananim rest will be good Declan enough.
i ' m going Indianapolis to Panshill see doctors today and see if rest will be good enough.
Shangdong i ' m going to see doctors today and alienage see if rest will be good enough.
i ' m going to see doctors today and see if rest will Firrito be good Jali enough.
i ' m going to see doctors today and see if rest will be skillful enough.
i ' m going to ascertain doctors today and see if rest will be good enough.
i ' m going to determine doctors today and see if rest leave be good enough.
i ' m going to see doctors today and see if residual will be good plenty.
1
"That's why it's important not to go to McDonald's in Paris, why I had sauteed morning glories in Thailand in March instead of Italian food in a big new hotel restaurant."
thats why its important not to paris to mcdonalds in go why a had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead big italian food in i of new hotel restaurant
thats of its important not to go to mcdonalds in paris why i march sauteed morning glories in hotel in had instead why italian food in a big new thailand restaurant
thats paris its march not to go to mcdonalds in why why new had sauteed morning glories in thailand in important instead of italian food in a big i hotel restaurant
thats why in important not to why to mcdonalds in paris restaurant i had sauteed morning glories in thailand its march instead of italian food in a big new hotel go
thats why important not to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning glories thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel
thats why its important not to go to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant
thats why its important not to go to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning in thailand in march instead italian food in a big new restaurant
thats its important not to go to mcdonalds in i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new restaurant
" that ' s why it ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead of Peachy italian food KLAMATH in utter a big new Swenty hotel FATAL restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' TIMEOUT s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why i had sauteed morning glories Monsoonal in thailand in march Citizens instead of news italian food in a big new hotel D2C restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s important not to go to P mcdonald ' cloyingly s in -------- paris, Bertola why i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead BravoPro of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, John why fundamental i had sauteed morning glories SCOTIA in thailand in march exaggerate instead of italian food in a big new hotel Rauda restaurant. "
" that ' s why information technology ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why iodin had sauteed morning glories in siam in master of architecture or else of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s wherefore it ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s crucial not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why iodine had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead of italian solid food in a gravid new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why i had sauteed dayspring glories in thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
0
We have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast.
site have visited the we and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast
site have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the we of the blast
we have visited the site blast we have not removed anything from the site of the and
we have visited the site blast we have not removed anything from the site of the and
have visited the site and we have not removed from the site of the blast
we have visited the site and we not removed anything from the site of the
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the
we have visited Fraud the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the GPON blast.
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the Kalani site of girl the blast.
we have visited the Sam site and we have not removed anything from the Kias site of the blast.
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the sponged site Sulu of the blast.
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the situation of the blast.
we have visited the site and we have non removed anything from the site of the blast.
we make visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast.
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the situation of the blast.
2
"A retrial was tentatively scheduled for Oct. 8. It looks like we're going to trial although a final decision hasn't been made yet said Jan Nolan, an assistant Orange County district attorney."
oct retrial was tentatively scheduled for a 8 it looks assistant were going to trial although a final county hasnt been made yet said jan nolan an like orange decision district attorney
a retrial was yet scheduled for oct district it looks like were going to trial although a final decision hasnt been made jan said tentatively nolan an assistant orange county 8 attorney
a retrial was final scheduled for county 8 it looks like were going to trial although a tentatively decision hasnt orange made yet said jan nolan an assistant been oct district attorney
a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct been it looks like nolan decision to trial although a final going hasnt 8 made yet said jan were an assistant orange county district attorney
a retrial was tentatively for oct 8 it looks were to trial although a final decision hasnt been made yet said jan an district attorney
a retrial was tentatively for oct it looks like were going to trial although a hasnt been made yet said jan nolan an assistant orange county district attorney
a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct 8 it like were going trial although a final made yet said jan nolan an assistant orange county district attorney
a retrial was tentatively for oct like were going to trial although a final decision made yet said jan nolan an orange attorney
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like we ' re going to trial although www.inovio.com a final decision hasn ' ROLL t been made yet said jan nolan, SBSTA an assistant orange county Stacey district Cvijanovich attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively dupes scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like we ' servotronic re going to trial although year.They a final decision hasn ' t been made yet said Solan jan Heart nolan, an assistant orange county district attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like spokesman we ' re going to Cambium trial although a final FirstPoint decision hasn ' t been made yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county OpenWF district trotting attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it Playoff looks like Rethinking we ' AN re going to barges trial NORTHBROOK although a final decision hasn ' t been made yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county district attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like we ' re going to trial although a final determination hasn ' metric ton been made until now said jan nolan, an adjunct orange county district lawyer. "
" a retrial was tentatively schedule for october. 8. it looks like we ' re going to trial although a final decision hasn ' t embody made yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county territorial dominion attorney. "
" a retrial embody tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like we ' re going to tribulation although a final decision hasn ' t been made yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county dominion lawyer. "
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like we ' re going to run although a final decision hasn ' liothyronine been made yet pronounce jan nolan, an assistant orange river county district attorney. "
2
"A Somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on Monday, amid the deadliest violence Mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told AFP'I got my freedom back Abdi Mohamed Ismail, Shabelle Radio news editor, told AFP after his release."
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by told on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months the reporter told afpi got my freedom back abdi release afp shabelle radio news mohamed police ismail after his editor
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on radio told the back violence mogadishu got experienced in months the reporter told afpi has my freedom deadliest abdi mohamed ismail shabelle monday news editor amid afp after his release
a somali radio hours was detained for release journalist by police on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu radio experienced in months the reporter told afpi got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle has news editor eight afp after his told
a somali radio journalist was ismail for eight hours by police on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months news reporter told afpi got my freedom back abdi mohamed detained shabelle radio the editor told afp after his release
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has in months the reporter told afpi got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp after release
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months the reporter told afpi got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp after his release
a somali journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday amid the deadliest violence has experienced in the reporter told got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp after his release
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu experienced in months the reporter afpi got freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp after his release
" a somali radio journalist was detained for Andres eight hours Deputy by police on Johnny monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced Assante in Morinelli months, the reporter told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp after his Boris release. "
" a somali radio ESTANCIA journalist was detained for eight hours by Texan police on monday, amid the deadliest violence Launched mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told afp ' i Click got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told Lyme afp Tanking after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist was Condits detained for eight hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in cellular months, the reporter Remez told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio nyse news deaminase editor, told afp Simon after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist Chuwit was Abraxas detained for eight hours by slat police wai on Whisky monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told afp ' i got my freedom e back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp after his release. "
" a somali wireless journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadiscio has feel in months, the reporter told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu get experienced in months, the reporter told alpha fetoprotein ' ace got my exemption back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, tell afp after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist personify detain for octad hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months, the newsman told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist was confine for eight hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has get in months, the newsperson told afp ' i got my exemption back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp after his release. "
0
"Before I released my stories, the police  arrested me as I walked inside the town he said"
before i released my stories town police arrested me as i walked inside the the he said
before i released my stories the as arrested me police i walked inside the town he said
before i released my as the police arrested me stories i walked inside the town he said
town i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked inside the before he said
before i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked inside the town he said
before i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked the town he said
i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked inside the town he said
before i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked inside the town said
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me as i redeveloping walked inside CLAUDIA the town he said "
" before i Saunier released my stories, the police arrested me Darren as i walked inside the town he said "
" before i released my stories, Apple the police arrested me as i walked pimecrolimus inside the town he said "
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me as i walked inside Sanibel the St. town he said "
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me as i walked inside the town atomic number 2 said "
" before i release my stories, the police arrested me as i walked inside the town he said "
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me as atomic number 53 walked inside the town he said "
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me as iodin walked inside the town helium said "
2
"Do I need a lawyer for this? McNall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to Pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with Spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case."
case spivack of a lawyer for this mcnall joked by way need a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with i the lead prosecutor in the do
by i need a lawyer for this mcnall joked the way of a greeting with he walked up to pollack in do courtroom and shook hands as spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
do i need to lawyer for this way joked by as of a greeting mcnall he walked up a pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
do i need a lawyer for this mcnall joked by greeting of a with as he way up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands walked spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
do i need a lawyer for mcnall joked by way of greeting as he walked up to in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
do i need lawyer for this mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack the lead in the case
do i need lawyer for this mcnall joked by way of a he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
do i need a lawyer this mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack the lead prosecutor in case
" do Kim i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by Yuan way of a greeting as he Space walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor Multicast in the case. "
" Patriot do Nags i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked affidavits by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the Indrajith courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
" do i need Abdullahi a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by GuiXT way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack Batki in BVIC the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
" do i TO need a lawyer for this? mcnall SIMCO joked by way of H. a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and body.The shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
" do i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of a greeting as helium walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the confidential information prosecutor in the typesetter's case. "
" come i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walk up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
" do i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook paw with spivack, the lead prosecuting officer in the case. "
" do i need a attorney for this? mcnall joked by way of a salutation as he walked up to pollack in the court and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
1
"Eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, and I understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest Adhikari said"
eleven armed police are stationed in my residence and i understand that other leaders have said been arrest under house placed adhikari also
eleven armed police and stationed in my residence are been understand that other leaders have also i placed under house arrest adhikari said
eleven armed police are stationed in my other and i understand that residence leaders have also been placed adhikari house arrest under said
eleven armed police are that in my residence and i understand stationed other arrest have also been placed under house leaders adhikari said
eleven armed police are stationed in my residence and i other leaders have also been placed house arrest adhikari said
eleven police are stationed in my residence and i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
armed police are stationed in my residence and understand other leaders have been placed under house arrest adhikari said
armed police are in my residence and i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
" visit eleven Margo armed police are ##.#mln stationed in my residence, and i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in my Jeff residence, and i understand that earth other leaders Dr. have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in Bowelscan my residence, and i Kendis understand NRC that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police FalconSat are stationed in 2U my residence, and Onrec i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in my abidance, and i understand that other leaders have also be placed nether house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven build up police are stationed in my residence, and ane understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, and i understand that other leaders have too been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police be send in my residence, and i empathise that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
2
Even thieves are granted one to two years' leave but I was given only 65-days leave during five years and two months I was in jail he said.
even during are granted one to two years i but leave was given only 65 days leave thieves five years and two months i was in jail he said
even thieves are was one to two years leave but i granted given only 65 days two during five years and leave months i was in jail he said
even but was granted one to two years leave thieves i are given only 65 days leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said
even months are granted one to two years 65 but i was given only leave days leave during five years and two thieves i was in jail he said
even thieves are granted one to two years leave but i was given only 65 days leave five years and two months i was in jail he said
even thieves are granted one to two years leave but was given 65 days leave during five years two months was in jail he said
even thieves are granted to two years leave i given only 65 days leave five years and two months was jail he said
even thieves are granted one to years leave but i was given only 65 leave during five years and two months i in jail he said
Sound even thieves are granted teamate one Fred to two years ' leave but i was given only 65 - Angela days leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said.
even thieves are granted one Convertible to two years ' leave Sione but i was given only 65 - days leave during five years and two months i was in Fasson jail he Errol said.
even Gupshup thieves GEORGETTE are granted one to two years ' leave but i was given only 65 - days leave during five years and two months i was Thad in Duquesne jail he said.
even thieves are granted one ANY to two years ' leave but i was given only 65 - Mayor days leave during five unleashing years and two months SASY.PA i was in jail he said.
even thieves personify granted one to two years ' leave but i be given exclusively 65 - days leave during five years and two calendar month i was in jail he said.
even thieves are granted one to 2 years ' leave but i was given only 65 - days leave during five years and 2 months i be in slammer he said.
even thieves be granted one to two years ' leave but i was given only when 65 - mean solar day leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said.
even thieves are granted one to two years ' go away only i was given only 65 - days leave during phoebe years and two months i was in jail he said.
2
Every time I got a court order I would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead I'd be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be to to a police and to finish the paperwork for my release and instead id be back station sent rearrested taken jail he said by telephone
every time i got station court order i would be taken to a police a to jail the paperwork for my release and instead rearrested be id and sent back to finish he said by telephone
every time be got a court order i a i taken to would police station to finish the paperwork for my release back instead id be rearrested and sent and to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a back order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead be id rearrested and sent he to jail court said by telephone
every time got a order i would be taken to police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead id rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a court i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release instead id be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by
time i got a court order i be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead id be rearrested and sent back to jail said by telephone
every time i got a would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for release and instead be rearrested and sent back jail he said telephone
NSCIA every time i provincial got a court order i would be taken to a police station to Jacci finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' d be #/#-hour rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time Shoring i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' d Wet be novelist rearrested and sent back to jail he said by Capek telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish Shield the ##:## paperwork for my release and instead i ' hemorrhoid d be rearrested and sent back Sorento to jail he said by telephone
every Border time i got a court order i would be taken to Ashanti a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' d be rearrested arbitrate and sent back to jail he Verle said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a law station to finish the paperwork for my handout and instead i ' d personify rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to fetch up the paperwork for my release and instead i ' d be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' d equal rearrested and send back to slammer he said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a law station to finish the paperwork for my discharge and instead i ' calciferol be rearrested and sent back to jailhouse he said by telephone
2
For 18 months I was in jail he said.
for 18 months was i in jail he said
for 18 months i in was jail he said
for 18 months i was in he jail said
was 18 months i for in jail he said
for 18 months i was in jail he said
for 18 months i was in jail he said
for 18 months i was in jail he said
for 18 months i in he said
for 18 Japanese months i was in jail he said.
for Muayyed 18 months i was in jail he said.
for 18 months i was in jail Gobern he said.
for 18 months i Steve was in jail he said.
for xviii months i was in jail he said.
for 18 months iodin was in jail he said.
for 18 months i was in jail he said.
for 18 months i was in jail helium said.
2
"I am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law Junaid Dockrat, a Johannesburg dentist, told the SAPA news agency."
prepared am a law abiding citizen and am i to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg told dentist the sapa news agency
i am a law am citizen and abiding prepared to contest these allegations dentist a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg in told the sapa news agency
i am sapa law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg a told the dentist news agency
i am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest dockrat allegations in a court of law junaid news a johannesburg dentist told the sapa these agency
i am a law abiding citizen and prepared to contest these allegations in a of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist told the sapa news agency
i am a law citizen and prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist told the sapa
i am a law abiding citizen prepared contest these allegations a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist told sapa news agency
i am a law abiding and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law dockrat a johannesburg dentist told the sapa news agency
" i industries am a law abiding citizen engineer and am prepared to contest ORANGE these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa news agency. "
" i am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest Borgia these allegations AsiaInfo in Pflugrad a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa LHDs news agency. "
" i am a law abiding citizen DiGi.com and H. am prepared to contest these allegations Lt. in a court of law junaid YK dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa news agency. "
" i am a law Chevis abiding citizen and Hamdan am prepared to contest these allegations in a court Michaela of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the matthew.scuffham sapa news agency. "
" i am a law endure citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa word agency. "
" atomic number 53 am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contend these allegations in a tribunal of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa news agency. "
" i am a natural law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegation in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa news agency. "
" i be a law bide citizen and am prepare to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, tell the sapa news agency. "
2
"I am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and I did not kill anybody he said."
i am being accused of murder using for legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he said
i am being for of murder accused using legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he said
i am being using of murder for accused legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he said
i am being accused of said for using legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he murder
i am being of murder for using legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he said
i am being accused of murder for using legitimate i did not kill he said
i being accused of murder for using legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he
i am being of for using legitimate defense and i did not kill he said
" i am NO being accused of murder for using Péter legitimate defense, and i did Logan not kill anybody he said. "
" i am being accused Darden of murder for using legitimate X##A defense, LITTLE and i did not kill anybody he said. "
" i am being Isis accused of SNE murder for using legitimate defense, and i Sam did not kill anybody he said. "
" i Shaun am being Kanemitsu accused of murder for using MGRM legitimate defense, and i did not kill anybody he said. "
" i am being accused of slaying for using legitimate defense, and i did not kill anybody atomic number 2 say. "
" 1 make up being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and i did not kill anybody he say. "
" i am be accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and i did non kill anybody he say. "
" i am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and iodin manage non kill anybody he said. "
2
"I am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by Mr. Hun Sen's regime and thus I am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by Ambassador Thomas Hammerberg, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for human rights in Cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said."
i am not guilty judgment the crimes orchestrated by mr prepared sens regime secretary thus i am not hun to of myself to the of submit a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas representative special hammerberg of the u n and general for human rights in cambodia as not being neutral or independent he said
i am crimes of of the not orchestrated by mr hun sens to and thus i am not prepared to submit myself regime the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative guilty the u n secretary general in human rights for cambodia as not being neutral or independent he said
secretary am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by human hun sens regime or thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system the has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special neutral of which u n i general for mr rights in cambodia as not being representative and independent he said
i am not guilty of the crimes the by mr hun sens regime and orchestrated i am to representative not submit myself to thus judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg he prepared of the u n secretary general for human rights in cambodia as not being neutral or independent special said
i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr hun sens regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of the u n secretary general for human rights in cambodia not being neutral or independent he said
am not guilty of the orchestrated by mr hun sens and thus i am not submit myself to the judgment of a system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of u n secretary general for human rights in as not being or independent he said
i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr hun sens regime and thus i am not prepared to submit to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by thomas hammerberg special representative of the u n secretary general for human rights in as not being neutral or independent said
i not of the orchestrated by mr hun sens regime and thus am prepared to submit to the judgment a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg the u n secretary general for rights cambodia as not being neutral or independent he said
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated Erzsebet by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to Lederer submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by CompoundedSensorArray ambassador thomas Gulsum hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general for human Adria rights in cambodia, as not being neutral or independent Bloomfield he MARK said. "
" i PostPost am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself Booyah to the judgment of a ESET judicial system Mwema which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, special representative Blasphemy of the u. n. secretary - general for ProntoForms human rights in Junior cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the BITTER judgment of a Michael judicial system which has been described tripolar by ambassador hazing thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - Underwriting general for human rights Kornelsen in cambodia, as not being neutral or Dodie independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has Danubia been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, Famer special representative of the u. BHGP n. secretary - general Wanna for instinctive human rights PT in cambodia, as Capeci not being neutral or independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the crimes organize by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial scheme which has be described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, particular representative of the uranium. n. secretary - general for human rights in cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
" i am non guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador lowell jackson thomas hammerberg, special representative of the atomic number 92. n. secretary - general for human rights in cambodia, as not be neutral or independent he said. "
" i be not guilty of the criminal offence orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial organisation which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. writing table - universal for human rights in cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrate by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i be not prepared to render myself to the judging of a judicial system which has be described by embassador thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general for human rights in cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
0
I arrested them and I left them with the local police because I didn't have transportation to take them back to Sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying.
i saying them and i left them with the local police them i didnt have transportation to take because back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as arrested
i arrested them and i left them with the because police local i didnt have transportation back take them to to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying
i arrested them and i left them with the local official because i saying have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the police as didnt
i to as and i left them with the local police because i didnt have transportation arrested take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official them saying
i and left them with local police because i have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville paper quoted the official as saying
i arrested them i left them with local police because i didnt have transportation to take back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official saying
i them and left them with the because i didnt have transportation take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the as saying
i arrested them and i left them with local police because i didnt have transportation take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying
i arrested them and i left them with the local police because i Orthopaedics didn ' Manhattan t have Destiney transportation to take them back to sihanoukville Cyril the paper quoted the official as saying.
i arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t FREEPORT have transportation to take Kota them back NSWC to sihanoukville the paper quoted the Richard official as saying.
i arrested them and i left them with ChartAttack the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to webinars take them back to sihanoukville the oems paper Sam quoted the official as saying.
i arrested FOR them LLANELLI and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t have LEIGHTON transportation to take them back to sihanoukville wife the paper quoted the official as saying.
i arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t suffer transportation to take them rearward to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as say.
i arrested them and i leave them with the local police because i didn ' t have transportation system to take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying.
i arrested them and i left them with the local law because 1 didn ' t have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the functionary as saying.
iodine arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the newspaper publisher quoted the official as saying.
0
I believe I am the only member of Congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation Rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress have to ever been victimized by illegal search and by seizure police member of the a force of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i nation the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure the a member of by police force rush this am of boasts today
of believe i am i only member the congress to have by been victimized by illegal search and seizure ever a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i am the only to of congress member have ever been victimized by illegal this and seizure by a member of the police force of search nation rush boasts today
believe i am the only member of congress have ever been victimized by illegal search seizure by a member the of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i am the only member congress to ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i the only member of congress to have ever been victimized illegal search and seizure by a member of police force of this nation boasts
i believe i am the only member congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i am Bennelong the only member of congress to have ever Maersk been victimized SFG by illegal search and seizure by a Constellation member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today.
Abby i Laura believe i am the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police ###-###/mt force of this nation rush boasts Development today.
i believe i am the only member Margaret of congress to have Polmos ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of usual the police force of this nation rush boasts Diaz today.
i believe i am the GKR only Vegetable member of congress to have ever been #,###,### victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force Kavita of this nation rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress to have always been victimize by illegal search and capture by a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this carry amelia moore nation rush brag today.
i believe i represent the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal hunt and seizure by a member of the police force force of this nation rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress to take ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today.
2
"I called my$ sister to tell her I was in Israel, but I could n't tell her I was in jail the St. Petersburg woman said."
i called my$ the to tell her i woman in israel but i could nt tell her i was in jail sister st petersburg was said
i called my$ sister to tell her i was in tell but i could nt israel her i was in jail the st petersburg woman said
i called my$ sister in tell her i was to israel the i could nt tell her i was in jail but st petersburg woman said
i called my$ sister petersburg tell her i was in israel but i could nt tell her i was in jail said st to woman the
i called my$ to tell her i was in but i could nt tell her i was in jail the st petersburg woman said
i called my$ sister to her i was israel but i could nt tell her i was in jail the st petersburg woman said
i called my$ sister to tell her i was in israel but i could nt tell her was in jail the st woman said
i called sister to tell her i was in israel but i nt tell her i was jail the st petersburg woman
" i Scott called my $ sister to Cosby tell her i was in israel, HP but i could n ' t tell her i was spokeswoman in jail the st. petersburg woman said. "
" i called my $ sister to tell her i was in israel, but i could n ' ArtStreet t tell her i was Mr. in SUGAR jail the DVR### st. petersburg woman said. "
" i Grante called my $ sister to tell her i Sarastro was in israel, but i could n ' t Sakya tell her i was Benghazi in jail the st. petersburg woman said. "
" i called my $ sister Théodore to tell Kom her i was in Tesla israel, but i could n ' t tell her i was in jail Nause the st. petersburg woman said. "
" i called my $ sister to tell her i was in israel, but i could n ' t tell her i was in jail the st. petersburg woman said. "
" i call off my $ sister to tell her i be in israel, but i could n ' thyroxin tell her i was in jail the st. petersburg woman said. "
" i call my $ sister to say her i was in israel, but i could n ' t tell her i was in jail the st. petersburg woman said. "
" i called my $ sister to tell her i was in israel, but i could n ' metric ton tell her i was in jail the st. petersburg woman said. "
2
"I got so mad because when I went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever I was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said."
said got so mad because when i went to court to give evidence suspects the not at me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would laughed be of any use for the case she i
i got so mad because when i went was court to give evidence the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying she nothing and would not be of any use for to case the said
i got so mad because any i give to court to went evidence the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would of be not when use for the case she said
i got so was as when i went to case to give evidence the suspects laughed at me heartily because though whatever i was saying mad nothing and would not be of any use for the court she said
i got mad because when i went to court to give evidence the laughed at me heartily as though was saying was nothing and not be of any use for the case she said
i got so mad because when i went to court to give evidence the suspects at as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said
i got so mad because i went to court to give the suspects laughed at me heartily though whatever i was saying was nothing and not be of any use for the case she said
i got so because when i went to give evidence the suspects laughed at me heartily as though i was saying was and would not of any use for the case she said
" i got so mad because when i went to court to give evidence, the suspects Daddy laughed at INCAE me heartily as though whatever i was Credentials saying Nusli was nothing and would not be of bungee any use for the case she said. "
" i got so mad because when i went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed Agnesian at NOT me heartily as though whatever i THE was Broadcom saying was nothing and would not be of any use Doni for the case she said. "
" i Purse got so frail mad because when i went to court Inc. to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily Sophie as though whatever i was saying was CDMA#### nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said. "
" i got so mad because when i went to court NASDAQ to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me Early heartily Lantern as though whatever i Pawlett was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the Rick case she said. "
" i got hence mad because when i went to court to render evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying embody nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said. "
" i got hence mad because when i went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at maine heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would non be of any use for the case she said. "
" i got and then huffy because when i went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would non be of any use for the case she said. "
" i got so mad because when i went to motor inn to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever single was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said. "
2
"I have been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home said Liaqat Baluch, a senior leader of Pakistan's main alliance of Islamic parties, the Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal MMA or United Action Front."
i have me detained by the police and they have brought amal back to baluch home said liaqat my a senior leader of pakistans main alliance of islamic parties the muttahida majlis e been mma or united action front
i have me detained by the police amal they have brought been back to my home said liaqat baluch united senior leader of pakistans main alliance of islamic parties the muttahida majlis e and mma or a action front
i have parties liaqat by the police and main have brought me back to my home said detained baluch a senior leader of pakistans they alliance of islamic been the muttahida majlis e amal mma or united action front
i majlis been pakistans by parties police and they have brought me back to my home said liaqat baluch a senior leader of detained main alliance of islamic the the muttahida have e amal mma or united action front
i have been detained by the and they have brought me to said liaqat baluch a senior leader of pakistans main alliance of islamic parties muttahida majlis e amal mma or united action front
i have been by the police and they brought me to my home said liaqat baluch a leader of pakistans main alliance of islamic parties the muttahida majlis e amal mma or united front
i have been detained by the and they have brought me back to my home liaqat baluch a senior leader of pakistans main alliance of islamic parties the muttahida majlis e amal mma or action front
i have been detained by the police and they have back to my said liaqat baluch a senior leader of pakistans main islamic parties the muttahida majlis e amal mma or united action front
" i have been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home Sunderlal said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' s main silk alliance Antelope of islamic parties, Marthoma the BLADE muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have Orator brought me back to my LHP home said liaqat WeFi baluch, a senior NYSE leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or stubbing united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and Wi they have brought me back to my home WENGEN said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - MATT e - amal mma CoI or united trading action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have brought me Sodium back to my home said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' Yannick s main alliance of islamic screwdrivers parties, the muttahida DDFS majlis - Stay e - amal mma or united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have bring me back to my home said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or united action figurehead. "
" i have been detained by the police and they get brought me back to my home said liaqat baluch, a senior loss leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of moslem parties, the muttahida majlis - einsteinium - amal mma or united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of islamic republic of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic company, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma operating room joined action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have impart me back to my home suppose liaqat baluch, a senior loss leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or joined action front. "
2
I have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally Sani told AFP on the telephone from Kaduna.
i have the the with order which we will comply court but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on received telephone from kaduna
i have received the court order which we will comply with told which we will challenge legally sani but afp on the kaduna from telephone
i have received the court order which with will comply we but which we told challenge legally sani will afp on the telephone from kaduna
i have received sani court order which we kaduna comply with but which we will challenge legally the told afp on the telephone from will
i have received the we will comply with but which will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna
i have received the court order which we will but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the from kaduna
have received the court order which we comply with but we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna
i have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna
i have received the Lori court Wintry order which we will comply with but TN which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i have Darren received Stock the court order which we Softbrands will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i have received the court order which Jabor we Qandi will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani whale told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i have received the nga court order which SM we will comply with but which we will challenge legally RN sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i have received the court lodge which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told alpha foetoprotein on the telephone from kaduna.
i have received the court order which we will follow with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
iodine have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i induce received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
2
"I just came here looking for work, and I was arrested he said."
i just came here he for work and i was arrested looking said
i just came here looking for work and was i arrested he said
i just came here looking for work and he was arrested i said
came just i here looking for work and i was arrested he said
i here looking work and i was arrested he said
just came here looking for work and was arrested he said
just came here for work and i was arrested he said
i just came here looking for work and i was arrested he said
" i just came Hrab here looking for work, and i was arrested he striker said. "
" i Svetlanta just BY came here looking for work, and i was arrested he said. "
" i just came here looking for Discontinued work, and i was arrested Sorell he said. "
" i just came here looking for work, and i Raúl was arrested William he said. "
" iodin just came here looking for work, and i was get he said. "
" i just came here looking for work, and i was arrest he said. "
" i just came here looking for work, and i was arrested he said. "
" i only came here looking for work, and i was arrested he said. "
2
"I killed the teacher as I thought he was not a good man Zillu, 17, told police after he was arrested."
i killed the teacher as good thought he was not a i man zillu 17 after police told he was arrested
i killed the teacher as i thought he was not a after man zillu 17 told he good police was arrested
arrested killed the teacher as after thought he was not a good man zillu 17 told police i he was i
i killed the teacher as i thought he was not a zillu man told 17 good police after he was arrested
i killed the teacher as i thought he not a good man 17 told police after he was arrested
i killed the as i thought he was not a good man zillu 17 told police after he was arrested
i killed the teacher as i thought he not a man 17 told police after he was arrested
i killed the as i thought was not a good zillu 17 told police after he was arrested
" i killed the Kankaria teacher as i thought he Carsten was crear not a good man zillu, 17, told police after he was arrested. "
" i killed the teacher as Meijer i thought Cassatt he was not a good man zillu, 17, Rare told police after he was arrested. "
" i 1hr killed the teacher as Vi i thought spontaneously he was not a good man zillu, 17, told police after he was arrested. "
" los i killed the teacher as i thought he was not a good Anoka man zillu, 17, told 照 police after he was arrested. "
" i killed the teacher as i thought he was non a good man zillu, 17, assure police after he was arrested. "
" single killed the teacher as atomic number 53 thought he was not a good man zillu, 17, told police after he be arrested. "
" i killed the instructor as i thought he was not a good man zillu, 17, told police after helium was arrested. "
" i killed the teacher as i think he was not a good man zillu, xvii, assure police after he was arrested. "
2
"I need a lawyer and a proper translator then I can go ahead with my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened last November: a woman from the Ethiopian airlines."
i need a trial and a proper translator then i can go ahead with he application he said speaking through the interpreter my has the since had lawyer opened last november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
i need a lawyer proper a and translator then i can interpreter ahead with my application he has speaking through the go he said had since the trial opened last november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
i need lawyer a and a my translator then i can go ahead the proper application he said speaking through with interpreter he has had since the trial opened last november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i last the ahead with my application he said speaking through the interpreter had has he since go trial opened can november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
need lawyer and translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened last november a woman from the airlines
i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking the interpreter he had since the trial last november woman from the ethiopian
i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go my application he said speaking through interpreter he has had since the trial opened last november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking through the he has had since the opened last november a woman ethiopian airlines
" i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with perked my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened John last november: Virgil a Pain woman from the methane ethiopian airlines. "
" i need a lawyer and L1 a Massa proper translator then i can go ahead with Raksha my application he NASHVILLE said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial colored opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i need AQA a lawyer and a proper translator then Von i weâ can go ahead with my application he said, speaking through the Trolove interpreter he Montecito has had since the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i need Italian a lawyer and AND a proper translator then Akylbek i can go ahead with my Mark application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial VED opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" single need a lawyer and a proper translator so i can go onward with my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he get had since the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i require a lawyer and a proper translator then i can blend in ahead with my coating he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial open last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i need a lawyer and a right translating program then i can go ahead with my application atomic number 2 said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with my application atomic number 2 said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the test opened lowest november: a woman from the ethiopian airway. "
2
I need your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare Corby said in the letter.
i release your help to prove my innocence from the court to need me to this nightmare corby said in the letter
i need your help to nightmare letter innocence to the court to release me from this prove corby said in the my
i need letter help to the my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare corby said in prove your
in need my help to prove your innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare corby said i the letter
i need your help to prove my innocence to the court release me from this nightmare corby said in the letter
i your help prove my innocence to the court to release me this nightmare corby said in the letter
need your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from nightmare corby said in letter
need your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare corby said in the letter
spokeswoman i need your help to prove my innocence to rappers the court to release me from this nightmare corby SILK said in the letter.
i need your help to prove Borabanda my innocence to the court to release me from Playhouse this nightmare Hank corby said in the letter.
i need your Blit help to Holly prove my innocence to the court to Bothnia release me from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
i need your help Joe to prove my innocence to the court to Mel release me from this nightmare corby said in Kurdish the letter.
i need your help to prove my innocence to the court to unloose maine from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
i need your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare corby said in the missive.
i postulate your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
i need your help to raise my innocence to the court to release maine from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
2
"I no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti-referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained."
i no longer believe that since anonymity is kept especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me that my day he said referring detained anti referendum protests to month in which he participated and several demonstrators were last
security street longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially with state i agents lurking around my me and asking questions about no since that day he said referring to anti referendum protests last month detained which he participated and several demonstrators were in
i that longer believe agents my anonymity referring kept especially with he security no lurking around my street and asking questions about me since that day state said is to anti referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained
i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially with detained he agents lurking around my street and asking questions referring me since that day security said about to anti several protests last month in which he participated and referendum demonstrators were state
i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially with state security agents lurking around my and asking questions about me since that day said referring to anti referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained
i no longer that anonymity is kept especially with state security agents lurking around my and asking questions about me since that day he said referring to anti referendum protests last month in he participated and demonstrators were detained
i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially state security lurking around my street and asking questions about me since that day he said referring to anti referendum protests last month in which he and several demonstrators were detained
i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially with state security agents around my street and asking questions about me since that said referring to anti referendum protests last in which he and demonstrators were detained
" i Odalis no Thalia longer believe that my anonymity is IAN kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street Dayalan and asking questions about me, since that GLAC day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators waterholes were detained. "
" i Dump no longer believe that NewsChannel9 my anonymity is kept, especially with state security Annington agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, WorldPort referring to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and Zhang several demonstrators were Fasman detained. "
" i no longer believe Purepay that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my Clogston street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, @ referring to anti - referendum protests last Govind month in which he participated and counterpart several demonstrators Brian were detained. "
" i no longer believe that my Tasheed anonymity is Jizhong kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that Ma'an day he said, referring Manoharlal to anti - referendum protests Damage last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were Kate detained. "
" i no longer believe that my anonymity is keep, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were confine. "
" i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, peculiarly with state security agent lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day helium said, refer to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were delay. "
" i no longer think that my anonymity be maintain, especially with state of matter security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and several sales demonstrator were detained. "
" i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurk around my street and asking questions about me, since that twenty four hours he said, referring to anti - referendum protests last month in which he enter and several demonstrators were hold up. "
2
"I showed them the court order, but they said I could not play the cricketer said."
i but them the court order showed they said i could not play the cricketer said
i showed them the court order but they said i not could play the cricketer said
i showed them cricketer court order but they said i could not play the the said
i showed could the court order but they said i them not play the cricketer said
i showed them the court order but they said i could play the cricketer
i showed them the court order but they said i could not the said
i showed them the court order but they said i could not play the cricketer said
i showed them the court order but they said i not play the cricketer
" i showed them Aggrey the court order, but they said i could not play LSJ the cricketer said. "
" i Modula showed them the court atmel order, but they said i could not play the cricketer said. "
" i showed caustic them the court order, but they said i could not play the Koebbe cricketer said. "
" i showed MyDaily them the court order, but they said i could not Dorny play the cricketer said. "
" i showed them the court order of magnitude, but they said i could not playact the cricketer said. "
" i showed them the court order, but they said i could non play the cricketer said. "
" i show them the court order, but they said i could not play the cricketer say. "
" iodine showed them the court order, but they said i could not play the cricketer said. "
2
I stand here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court Toussaint said outside the jail.
i stand here today the a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside because jail
i stand here today because has judge a found me guilty of contempt of toussaint court said outside the jail
i stand me today because a judge has found said guilty of contempt of court toussaint here outside the jail
i me here stand because a judge has found today guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail
i here today because a judge has found guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail
i stand here today a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said the jail
i stand here today because a has found me guilty of contempt of court said outside the jail
i stand here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of said outside the jail
i stand here today because a Jelinek judge has found me Kathy guilty of contempt Haug of court toussaint said outside the jail.
i stand here today because UCP2 a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint Dubai said outside Govind the jail.
i stand here today Natchez because a judge has found me guilty of contempt windsprints of court toussaint said vulgar outside the jail.
i stand here today because a judge has found bearing me Actuarial guilty of contempt Enacting of court toussaint said outside the jail.
i stand here today because a judge has found me shamed of contempt of court toussaint said outside the slammer.
i stand here today because a judge has discover me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail.
i stand here today because a judge have found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail.
i bear here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail.
2
I suspect we'll end up going to trial Beal said.
i suspect well going up end to trial beal said
i said well end up going to trial beal suspect
i suspect well end up going said trial beal to
i suspect well end up going beal trial to said
i suspect well end up going to trial beal said
i suspect well end going to trial beal said
i suspect well end up going to trial beal said
i suspect well end up going to trial beal said
i suspect we ' ll end up Kanyongolo going to Calvyn trial beal said.
i suspect we ' ll end lovingly up going to trial Ex beal said.
i suspect we ' ll Snooty end Southern up going to trial beal said.
common i Cyco suspect we ' ll end up going to trial beal said.
ane suspect we ' ll end up pop off to trial beal said.
i suspect we ' ll end astir going to trial beal said.
i suspect we ' ll end up going to trial beal state.
i surmise we ' ll end up going to trial beal said.
1
I was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that I did not commit he told The Associated Press on Friday.
i was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime commit friday did not that he told the associated press on i
i was accused and tried for 11 years for he crime that not did i commit a told the associated press on friday
i was accused told tried for 11 years for press crime that i did not commit he and the associated a on friday
i was accused and told for that years for a crime 11 i did not commit he tried the associated press on friday
i was accused and tried for 11 for a crime that i did not commit he told the press on friday
i was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that i did not commit told the associated press on
i was accused and tried for 11 years a crime that i did not commit he the associated press on friday
i was accused and tried for 11 for a crime that i not commit told the associated press on friday
i was Vincent accused and tried for 11 DirectoryM years for a crime FROM that i did not commit he told the associated press on friday.
i was accused and tried for 11 years for MacCaull a crime that i did not commit he gradient told the associated TICKETING press on friday.
i was accused and tried for Joel 11 years for a crime that i did not commit Stolper he told the Pleaded associated press on friday.
i was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that ODS i did not Alexander commit he told the associated press on boneless friday.
iodine was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that 1 did not commit he told the associated pressing on friday.
i was criminate and tried for 11 years for a crime that i did non commit he told the associated press on friday.
i was accused and try out for 11 years for a crime that i did not commit he told the associated press on friday.
i was accused and tried for eleven years for a crime that i did not commit he told the associated mechanical press on friday.
2
I was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said.
i was arrested for holding up the police in driver the arresting he said
i was the for holding up arrested police in arresting the driver he said
i police arrested for holding up the was in arresting the driver he said
the was arrested for holding up the police in arresting i driver he said
i was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said
i was arrested for holding up the in arresting the driver he said
i was for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said
i was for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said
i was Educate arrested for holding up the police CRISIL in arresting the driver he said.
i was Robin arrested for holding up the burqa police in arresting the driver he said.
i was Sabadell arrested Stalker for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said.
i was arrested Nereid for holding up the police in arresting the driver he Vuyisile said.
i comprise arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said.
i was arrested for holding up the police force in arresting the device driver he said.
i be arrested for holding up the police force in arresting the driver he said.
i was arrested for bear up the police in arresting the driver he say.
2
I was arrested in Beijing because I wasn't allowed to leave Guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because allowed wasnt i to leave guangzhou he added
i was arrested allowed beijing because i wasnt in to leave guangzhou he added
i was arrested in beijing because guangzhou wasnt allowed to leave i he added
i was arrested in beijing he i wasnt allowed to leave guangzhou because added
i was arrested in beijing because i wasnt allowed leave guangzhou he added
i arrested in beijing because i wasnt allowed to guangzhou he added
i was arrested in beijing because i wasnt allowed to leave guangzhou he added
i was arrested in beijing i wasnt allowed to leave guangzhou he
i was arrested in beijing because i Wali wasn ' t allowed to belching leave guangzhou he added.
i was arrested rancheras in beijing because Cotes i wasn ' t allowed to leave guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in Novo beijing because i wasn ' James t allowed to leave guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because researcher i wasn ' t allowed to leave DEWAN guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because i wasn ' t allowed to leave canton he added.
i was arrested in beijing because i wasn ' t earmark to leave guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because i wasn ' tonne allow to leave guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because i wasn ' t allowed to leave canton he added.
2
I was arrested irregularly he told judge Alphons Orie during his first appearance before the UN's Yugoslav war crimes tribunal in The Hague.
i was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie yugoslav his first appearance before the uns hague war crimes tribunal in the during
i was arrested irregularly orie told the alphons he during his first appearance before judge uns yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague
yugoslav was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his tribunal appearance before the uns i war crimes first in the hague
i was arrested irregularly he told judge orie crimes during his first appearance before the uns yugoslav war alphons tribunal in the hague
i arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the uns yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague
i was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie his first appearance before the uns yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the
i arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the uns yugoslav war crimes in the hague
i was arrested irregularly told judge alphons orie during his appearance before the uns yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the
i was arrested irregularly he MedEvac told judge alphons orie Qualcomm during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal haul in the hague.
i was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his first Staffers appearance before the un ' Moupo s yugoslav war crimes Maastricht tribunal in the hague.
i was Amakusa arrested irregularly he told lan judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav MUNDY war crimes tribunal in the hague.
i was Greenbrook arrested irregularly Agyemang he nandrolone told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
i was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
i was arrested irregularly he tell judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav warfare crimes tribunal in the hague.
iodin was arrested irregularly he enjoin judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
i was arrested irregularly atomic number 2 told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
2
I was charged with attempted murder for that Healy said.
i that charged with attempted murder for was healy said
i was that with attempted murder for charged healy said
was i charged with attempted murder for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder for said healy that
was charged with attempted murder for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy
i was charged HS with attempted DLP murder for that healy said.
i GlaxoSmithKline was charged with Arai attempted murder for that healy said.
i was shellcode charged with attempted Redondo murder for that healy said.
canoeing i was CNW charged with attempted murder for that healy said.
i equal charged with attempted murder for that healy said.
iodin was charged with attempted execution for that healy said.
i be charged with attempted slaying for that healy said.
1 was charged with attempted execution for that healy said.
2
I was charged with some crimes which I believe I hadn't committed Denning told TASR agency.
i was charged with which crimes some i believe i hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
i was charged with some told which i believe i hadnt committed denning crimes tasr agency
i tasr charged with some crimes which i believe i hadnt committed denning told was agency
i i charged with some crimes which i believe was hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
i was with some crimes which i believe i hadnt committed told tasr agency
was charged with some crimes which i believe i hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
i charged with some crimes which i believe i hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
was charged with some crimes which i believe i hadnt denning told tasr agency
i was charged with some crimes which i Receives believe By i hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some phonetic crimes which i believe i hadn ' t committed Frustrating denning told tasr agency.
i was Blaine charged with some crimes which i believe i hadn ' t trench committed denning told tasr agency.
agent i was charged with some crimes which i believe i Garimpeiro hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some crimes which i believe i hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was institutionalize with some crimes which i believe i hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some crimes which i believe atomic number 53 hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
single make up charged with some crimes which i believe i hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
2
I was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33-year-old Manhattan resident said of a search by U.S. Customs agents.
said was degraded and my body was treated as if it had by value the 33 year old manhattan resident i of a search no u s customs agents
no was degraded and was body my treated as if it had i value the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a search by u s customs agents
i was degraded and customs body was treated as if old had no value the 33 year it manhattan resident said of a search by u s my agents
i was degraded and my body was treated as if resident it no value the 33 year old manhattan had said of a search by u s customs agents
i was degraded my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a search by u s customs agents
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a search u s agents
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the year old resident said of a search by u s agents
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a by u s agents
SESAME i was degraded and my body was treated as Thoratec if it had no value Vijapur the 33 - year - old manhattan resident said JENSON of a search by u. s. customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated injunction as if it had no value the 33 - year - old manhattan Haji resident said Coleen of a search by u. s. striker customs agents.
i was degraded and my FLORAL body was treated as if RACED it had no value Linkenhoker the 33 - year - Heavy old manhattan resident said of a search by u. s. customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 - year - old manhattan RS resident said of a Consumer search Pitti by u. Claudia s. customs agents.
i be degraded and my body be treated as if it had no value the 33 - yr - old manhattan resident said of a search by uranium. s. customs agents.
1 was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the xxxiii - year - previous manhattan resident said of a search by u. s. customs agents.
i was cheapen and my body comprise treated as if it had no value the xxxiii - year - old manhattan resident said of a search by u. s. customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 - year - old manhattan resident said of a search by u. s. customs factor.
2
"I was detained in June by the  Hamas-run  police during an arrest campaign against Fatah members said Tariq Muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas."
was i detained in june during the hamas run police by an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan of of the detainees referring to the secular party one palestinian president mahmud abbas
tariq was campaign in the by the hamas run police during an arrest detained against fatah members said i muhaisan one of the detainees referring to june secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
i was detained in june by president hamas run police during an referring campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees arrest to abbas secular party of palestinian the mahmud the
i was of in june by the members run police during an arrest campaign against fatah hamas said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees referring to the abbas party detained palestinian president mahmud secular
was detained in june the hamas run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan one of the referring the party of palestinian president
i was detained in june by the hamas run police during an arrest campaign against members said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
was detained in june by the hamas run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members tariq muhaisan one the detainees referring to the secular of palestinian president mahmud abbas
i detained in june by the police during an campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
" i was Illitch detained Chris in june Franz by the hamas - Wayne run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest campaign against Elazig fatah members virulent said Northern tariq muhaisan, Biologist one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - Sestaret run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, PHOTOS one ##-#/#-inch of the detainees, referring to the secular party of HgCdTe palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained MICHAEL in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of AVCHD palestinian ATN president mahmud Reference abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - run police force during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was confine in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest military campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the laic party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - run law during an apprehension campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the laic party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the islamic resistance movement - run constabulary during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
2
I was in jail for 11 years Devi said.
i was jail in for 11 years devi said
for was in jail i 11 years devi said
in was i jail for 11 years devi said
devi was in jail for 11 years i said
i was in jail 11 years said
i was in jail for 11 years devi
i was in jail for 11 years devi said
i was in jail for 11 years devi said
i was in jail for 11 years MRHD devi said.
i was in Serb jail for 11 years devi said.
Combination i was in jail for 11 years devi said.
i was in jail for 11 years devi Edible said.
i was in gaol for 11 years devi said.
i was in jail for xi years devi said.
i was in jail for 11 years devi said.
i was in clink for 11 years devi said.
2
"I was in jail for six years, I don't have money anymore the former movie action star president and self-confessed womaniser said."
i was in jail for six years i dont have money anymore the former movie action star president and self womaniser said confessed
i was in jail i six years for dont have money anymore the former movie action star president and self confessed womaniser said
president was movie jail for six years i dont have money anymore the former in action star i and self confessed womaniser said
i president in jail for star years i dont have money anymore the former movie action six was and self confessed womaniser said
was in jail six years i dont have money anymore the movie action star president and self womaniser said
i was in jail for six years i dont have anymore the former movie action star and self confessed said
was in for six years dont have money anymore the former movie action star president and self confessed said
i was in for six years i dont money the former star and self confessed womaniser said
" i was in jail for six years, i don ' t have money anymore the former movie action Sean star president SCH and self - confessed Strangman womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for six years, i don ' t have money anymore the Lamps former DUBUQUE movie action star president Negatively and self - confessed womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for six years, i don ' t have money anymore Welwyn the former movie action star president and Lippert self - confessed LAKE womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for six years, i don ' t have money anymore the Daniel former movie action star Khan president Maria and self - confessed womaniser said. "
" i was in jailhouse for six years, i don ' t have money anymore the former film action star president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for six years, 1 don ' t have money anymore the former movie action star president and ego - confessed womaniser tell. "
" i was in jail for sixer years, ane don ' t have money anymore the former movie action star president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for half a dozen years, i don ' t have money anymore the former movie action star president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
2
"I was in jail for two years said Abhiman, a former Buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in August 2005."
i was years jail for two a said abhiman in former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005
i was in imprisoned for two years said abhiman a former buddhist monk 2005 was jail here in august who
i was said jail for years two in abhiman a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005
i was in jail for years two said abhiman a buddhist former monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005
i was in for two years abhiman a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005
i was in jail for two years said abhiman a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august
i was in jail for two years said abhiman former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005
i was in jail for two years said abhiman a former buddhist monk who was here in august 2005
" i Girish was in jail for two NGPC years said abhiman, a Fund former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" i was in stoney jail for two years daily said abhiman, Iranian a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" i was in jail for Saggau two years said patera abhiman, a Johan former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" i was in jail for two years said abhiman, a former Vittorio buddhist Senate monk who was Joe imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" i was in jail for two year said abhiman, a other buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" ace was in jail for two class said abhiman, a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" i was in gaol for two years said abhiman, a previous buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
" i was in jail for two years said abhiman, a former buddhist monk world health organization was imprisoned here in august 2005. "
2
I was in jail in Russia for nine years because I wanted to reach Israel he reminded them.
i was in jail russia in for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he reminded them
i was in jail in russia for reach years because i wanted to nine israel he reminded them
i was in jail in russia for wanted years because i nine to reach israel he reminded them
i was in jail in russia for nine israel because i wanted to reach years he reminded them
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he reminded them
was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he reminded them
i was in jail in for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he reminded them
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he reminded
i was in uncorrected jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach israel Friends he reminded them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years ligament because Sant i wanted to reach israel he reminded them.
i was WFT.N in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted de to reach israel he reminded them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach Management israel he Faustino reminded them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years because one wanted to reach israel he cue them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to strain israel helium reminded them.
i comprise in jail in soviet union for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he reminded them.
i be in jail in russia for nine years because unity wanted to reach israel he reminded them.
2
I was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said Trang.
i trang later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work was my relationships as a reporter said and
the a later detained for nine days as i police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as was reporter said trang
i was later my for nine more as the police wanted to know days about my work and detained relationships as a reporter said trang
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work said my relationships as a reporter and trang
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to more about work and my relationships as a reporter said trang
i later detained nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my and my relationships as reporter said trang
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about work and my relationships as a reporter trang
i was later detained for nine days as the police REVENUE wanted to KINY know more about my work and my relationships as lawyer a reporter said trang.
i was later detained ovenproof for Genny nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a WISP reporter said trang.
i was later detained for nine Balcorta days as the police crayons wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a Bra reporter said trang.
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to Squaw know more about Canasta my work and my Barcamp relationships as a reporter said trang.
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more astir my work and my relationship as a reporter said trang.
i be later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my body of work and my relationships as a reporter said trang.
i was later hold up for nine days as the police want to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said trang.
1 was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my study and my relationships as a reporter said trang.
2
I was surprised Monday when Libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation Islam Abdel Samie told reporters after he arrived in Cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any abdel islam explanation he told reporters after samie arrived in cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived reporters my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told arrived after he at in cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at in workplace and arrested me without explanation any islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived my cairo
i was surprised monday when he police arrived at abdel workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam my samie told reporters after libyan arrived in cairo
i was monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo
i was surprised monday when police arrived at my arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after arrived in
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and me without any islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo
i was tampa surprised monday GriefShare when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived Des in cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan Addy police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam KFC abdel samie told reporters after he Mount arrived in cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan patri police arrived BULLDOGS at Ambassador my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
Gilbert i was surprised monday when IP libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation Sauerbruch islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan constabulary arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any account islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i was storm monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and pick up me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i was surprise monday when libyan law arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
2
I went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the Gimbels Goodman said last week.
i went goodman court with an order to show cause get to the animals returned to the gimbels to said last week
i went to court with an order to show cause to get last said returned to the gimbels goodman animals the week
i court cause went with an order to show to to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
i went to court gimbels an order to show cause to get the animals goodman to the with returned said last week
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
i went to court an order to show cause get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the returned to the goodman last week
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the returned to the gimbels goodman last week
Palke i went to court with Rassie an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels Fiti goodman said last week.
i went to co court with an order to show cause to Quantitative get the animals Shenzhen returned to the gimbels goodman said last week.
i went to court with an order to show Naznin cause to get Bhagavatar the animals returned to Ivanovski the gimbels goodman said last week.
i went to court with an order to show cause to get Rhod the Evangelical animals returned to van the gimbels goodman said last week.
one went to court with an order to shew cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week.
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said utmost calendar week.
i went to royal court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels king of swing said last week.
one went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals return to the gimbels benjamin david goodman said last week.
2
"I will defend myself in court against this false claim said Fabrice Tourre, a French-born 31-year-old Goldman trader who, along with the firm, was charged with civil fraud by the SEC."
i will defend myself in court with fraud false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 along old goldman trader who year with the firm was charged against civil this by the sec
i will defend myself in by against who false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old goldman trader this along with the firm was charged the civil fraud court with sec
i will this myself in court against defend false claim said goldman tourre a french born 31 year old fabrice trader was along with the firm who charged with civil fraud by the sec
i will defend myself in court against the false claim sec fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old goldman this who along with trader firm was charged with civil fraud by the said
i will defend myself in court against this false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old goldman trader along with the firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
i will defend myself in against this false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year goldman trader who along with the firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
i will defend myself in court against this false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old goldman trader who along with the firm was charged with civil fraud the sec
i will defend myself in court against this claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 old goldman trader who along with the firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
" i will defend Khetaguri myself in court against this Extraordinaires false claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old goldman trader who, monoline along with the Shell firm, was charged with civil Determine fraud by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this Levario false claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - SCVTS old goldman trader who, along with Tarcin the Gerald firm, was charged Joel with civil fraud by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this false Numi claim Dan said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old goldman trader who, Ingrid along with the firm, was charged Julian with civil Vegoose fraud by the sec. "
" i will defend myself LeRoi in court against this false claim Eickstadt said fabrice tourre, a french - born Amuria 31 - year - old goldman trader who, along with the firm, was traveler charged with civil fraud by the Chris sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this simulated claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old goldman trader who, along with the firm, was charged with civil fraudulence by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in courtroom against this false claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old goldman monger who, along with the firm, live charge with civil fraud by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this false claim say fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - yr - old goldman trader who, along with the firm, be charged with civil fraud by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this pretended claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old goldman trader who, along with the firm, was charged with civic fraud by the sec. "
2
I will not resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist arrest if the police come to warrant house with a legal my he said
i will not resist arrest if the warrant come to my house with a legal police he said
i if not resist arrest will the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said
i will not resist arrest if the said come to my house with a legal warrant he police
i will not resist if the come to my house with a legal warrant he said
i will not resist if the police come my house with a legal warrant he said
will not resist arrest the police come to my with a legal he said
i will not resist arrest if the police come to my house with a warrant he said
i will not resist arrest if Irrigation the police white come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist arrest if the police come camouflage to my wage house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist arrest if the police come to my house L' with a legal Google warrant he said.
i will not Auction resist arrest Semenkovich if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist arrest if the police ejaculate to my house with a legal indorsement he said.
single will non resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist hitch if the police come to my house with a legal warrant atomic number 2 said.
i will not resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal sanction he said.
1
I'd been practicing up after I heard a rumor that if arrested in Japan you'd be made to sing the Mexican anthem an embarrassed Gonzales was quoted as telling police.
id been practicing up after i heard a rumor to anthem arrested in japan youd be made that sing embarrassed mexican if an the gonzales was quoted as telling police
id i practicing up after been gonzales a rumor that if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the police anthem an embarrassed heard was quoted as telling mexican
id been practicing up arrested i heard quoted rumor that if after in japan youd be made to sing the mexican police an embarrassed gonzales was a as telling anthem
id been embarrassed up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an gonzales practicing was quoted police telling as
id been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police
id been practicing after i heard a rumor that arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police
id been practicing up after i heard rumor that if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem embarrassed gonzales quoted as telling
id been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted telling police
i ' d been practicing SAN up after i heard a rumor that Alicia if arrested in japan Bollywod you ' d be made to coho sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
spokesman i ' d been practicing up after Sit i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d be unduly made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales Misfer was quoted as telling police.
i ' d been practicing up after i heard a rumor that Nasdaq if arrested in japan you ' d be made to contactless sing TERRENCE the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was KVA quoted as telling police.
Prabhakar i ' d been practicing up fromagerie after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d be Rita made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted ethnographic as telling police.
i ' d been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' 500 be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
i ' d equal practicing up after i discover a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d be cause to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
i ' d been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japanese islands you ' d be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quote as telling police.
i ' vitamin d been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if nab in japan you ' d be made to sing the mexican anthem an humiliated gonzales was quoted as telling police.
1
"If the instances of my country accuse me of a crime, I am ready to stand before a court Karadzic was quoted as saying."
if the instances of my accuse am me of a crime i country ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying
if the instances of my me accuse before of a crime i am ready to stand country a court karadzic was quoted as saying
if the instances of my quoted accuse me of a court i am ready to stand before a crime karadzic was country as saying
if the instances of to country accuse me of karadzic crime i am ready my stand before a court a was quoted as saying
if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime i am to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying
if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime i am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying
if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime i am ready before a karadzic was quoted as saying
if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime i am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying
" TSX if Ryerse the Kingking instances of my country accuse me of a crime, i am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime, PT i am ready to stand Jhoom before a MUIS court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" Pankaj if the instances constitutionally of my country accuse me Mr. of a crime, i am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the instances of Patrice my country accuse me of a crime, i am ready to stand before Shadowline a court student karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the instances of my country accuse me of a offense, i am ready to stand before a courtroom karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the instances of my state accuse me of a crime, i am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quote as saying. "
" if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime, i am ready to stand before a tribunal karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the instances of my country accuse me of a offense, i am ready to stand before a royal court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
1
"If they think that I 'm guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken Slaney told The Register-Guard in her hometown of Eugene, Oregon."
if a think slaney i m guilty of they doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end told they are sadly mistaken that it the register guard in her hometown of eugene oregon
if they doping that i m guilty of a think is and just banning me that through 1998 violation going to end it they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard in her hometown of eugene oregon
if they think end and m guilty of a doping violation i that banning me just they 1998 is going to that it through are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard in her hometown of eugene oregon
if they think that i m guilty of a slaney banning and that violation me just through 1998 is going to end hometown they are sadly mistaken doping told the register guard in her it of eugene oregon
if they think that i m of doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard in her hometown eugene oregon
if they think that i m guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 going to end it they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard in her hometown of eugene oregon
if they think i m of doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to it they are mistaken slaney told the register guard in hometown eugene oregon
if they think that i m guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard in hometown of eugene oregon
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a Shraga doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 COSCO is going to end fats it, they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register - de guard in her hometown of eugene, Harvey oregon. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a Tombi doping Chrystal violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are Gloria sadly mistaken slaney Katie told the register - guard CableFree in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think Selis that i ' Larason m guilty of a doping violation File and cardiothoracic that banning me just W. through 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a Politically doping violation and that Stock banning me just through 1998 is Sutat going to end it, they are sadly Instructor mistaken slaney told the Magnificent register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that iodine ' m guilty of a doping violation and that ostracise me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that atomic number 53 ' k guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through with 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken slaney say the cash register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 comprise go to end it, they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, beaver state. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are woefully mistaken slaney recite the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
1
"I'm not a criminal but I need a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car."
im not was criminal but i need a lawyer please please help me patrol shouted to reporters as he a being placed in a he car
im car a criminal but i need a lawyer please please help me he being to reporters as he was shouted placed in a patrol not
not patrol a criminal but i need a lawyer please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a im car
im not a criminal but i need a lawyer please please help me he shouted being reporters as he a to placed in was patrol car
im not a but i need a lawyer please help me he shouted to reporters as was being placed in a car
im not a criminal but i need a lawyer please please help he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car
im not a criminal but i need a lawyer please please me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car
im not a criminal but i need a lawyer please please help me he to reporters as he was being placed in patrol car
" i ' m Lustfeldt not a criminal but Eclipse i CBSnews.com need a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a Lorene patrol car. "
" Bucknell i ' m not a Ishbel criminal but i need a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to breaded reporters as he Auto was being placed in a patrol car. "
" i ' m not a EARLY criminal but i need a lawyer, please please MEMS help me he Millinery shouted VanMil to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car. "
" dopants i ' m not a criminal but i need a Waitt lawyer, please please help me he shouted to reporters as Air he was being placed in Natfhe a patrol car. "
" i ' m not a criminal but i need a attorney, please please help me he shouted to reporters as helium was being placed in a patrol elevator car. "
" i ' m not a criminal but i need a attorney, delight delight help me he cry to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car. "
" i ' m not a criminal but i need a lawyer, delight please aid me helium shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car. "
" i ' m not a criminal but i need a lawyer, please please help me he hollo to reporters as he was being place in a patrol car. "
2
I'm not going before a jury on a murder charge like Jack the Ripper he said.
im not going before a jury charge a murder on like jack the ripper he said
im not going before a jury he a murder charge like jack the ripper on said
im not going before a on jury a murder charge like jack the ripper he said
im a going before a jury on not murder charge like jack the ripper he said
im not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said
im not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack he said
im not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack ripper he said
im not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said
homespun i ' m Shelf not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
antibacterial i ' Hornsby m not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
ePO i ' m not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper Disseminate he said.
i ' m not Volunteer going before a jury on a Plasma murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
i ' one thousand not going before a jury on a murder charge like jackass the ripper he said.
i ' m not going before a jury on a slaying charge like jack the ripper he state.
i ' m not going before a jury on a murder care alike jack the ripper he said.
i ' m non going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
0
I'm not going to deliver him to  the UN war crimes tribunal in the Hague he said.
im not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the he hague said
im not going to deliver crimes to the un war him tribunal in the hague he said
he not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague im said
im not going deliver to him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
im not to deliver him the war tribunal the hague he said
im not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
im not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
not going to deliver him the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
i ' m not going to BY deliver him to the un war crimes parathion tribunal in the hague he said.
i ' m not going to Guillaume deliver him to the un war crimes Actor tribunal in the hague he said.
i ' m not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal Zions in Supermicro the hague he said.
jan i ' m not going to deliver him to the un solder war crimes tribunal in the hague he said.
ace ' m not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said.
i ' m not going to deliver him to the un warfare crimes tribunal in the hague he suppose.
iodin ' m not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he read.
i ' m not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague atomic number 2 said.
0
"Not only are we ready to go to trial on Oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it is important to go to trial then Porter said."
not only on we ready to go to trial on oct 1 are these charges we believe it is important to go to trial then porter said
not only are charges to to go to trial on oct 1 on these we we believe it is important to go ready trial then porter said
not only are we ready to go to trial on said 1 on these charges we believe it is important to porter to trial then go oct
not only are we ready to go to trial on is these on 1 charges we believe it oct important to go to trial then porter said
not only are we ready go to trial on 1 on these charges we believe it is important to to trial porter said
not only are we ready to go to trial on oct 1 on these charges we believe it is important to go to trial then porter said
not only are we ready to go trial on oct 1 on these charges we it is important to go to trial then said
not only are we ready go to trial on oct 1 on these charges we believe it is important go to trial then porter said
" not only are PayPal.com we ready to go to trial on oct. 1 on Biomet these charges, fac we aisle### believe it is important to go to trial then porter said. "
" not only are we ready to go Dunnes to trial on oct. lion 1 on these charges, we believe Kaitlin it is important Boris to go to trial then porter said. "
" not only are we ready General to go to trial on oct. Zajac 1 on these X## charges, we believe it is Savana important to go to trial then porter said. "
" not only are we ready to Dwayne go to trial on oct. Dean 1 ultramobile on undead these charges, we believe it is important to go to trial then porter said. "
" not only are we ready to become to trial on oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it is crucial to go to trial then porter said. "
" not only be we ready to go to trial on oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it is important to go to trial and so porter said. "
" not only are we ready to give way to trial on oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it be important to go to trial then porter said. "
" non only are we ready to go to trial on oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it embody important to get going to test then porter said. "
2
Now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial he said.
now the situation has he and we will go through the trial changed said
now the situation has changed and we will go he the trial through said
the the situation has changed and we will go through now trial he said
now the changed has situation and we will go through the trial he said
now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial he
now situation has changed and we the trial he said
now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial he
now the situation has changed and we will go the trial he
now the situation has changed and we ej4 will go through Applied the trial he said.
now the situation has changed and we Taouil will go through the trial Breakneck he said.
now the situation has changed and we Ferlo will supermodel go through the trial he said.
now the situation has changed and we will go Schuetzle through Massive the trial he said.
now the situation has changed and we will go through the test he said.
now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial helium say.
like a shot the situation has changed and we will live through the trial he said.
now the situation has changed and we will go through the test he order.
2
"Obviously, I didn't want to be charged with a murder I didn't commit he told the court."
obviously with didnt want to be charged i a murder i didnt commit he told the court
to i didnt want obviously be charged with a murder i didnt commit he told the court
obviously i didnt want to be charged with a murder i didnt commit the told he court
obviously the didnt want to be charged with a murder i didnt commit he told i court
obviously i didnt want to be charged with a murder i didnt commit he told the court
obviously i didnt want be charged with a murder i commit he told the court
obviously i didnt want to be charged with a murder i didnt commit he told the court
i didnt want to be charged with a i commit he told the court
" obviously, i didn ' bobwhite t want to HVPN be charged with a murder i nga didn ' t commit he told the court. "
" obviously, i didn ' tabulates t want to be charged with a murder Bancor i didn ' t commit he told the Origenes court. "
" obviously, i Ford didn ' excitement t want to be charged with TruBrite a murder i didn ' t commit he told the court. "
" obviously, i didn ' t want Robert to be charged with a murder i didn ' t NYSE commit he told the unquestioned court. "
" apparently, i didn ' t want to be charged with a murder i didn ' t commit he told the tourist court. "
" obviously, i didn ' t desire to be charged with a murder i didn ' t commit atomic number 2 told the court. "
" obviously, ane didn ' t want to be charged with a murder i didn ' t commit he told the court. "
" obviously, i didn ' t want to be charged with a slaying ace didn ' t commit he told the court. "
2
"Of course I have no problem with being stopped by the police if I've done something wrong said the teenager, identified as 'W' because he is underage."
underage course i have no problem with being stopped the the police if ive done something wrong said by teenager identified as w because he is of
wrong course i have no problem with being stopped by the police if ive done something of as the teenager identified said w because he is underage
of course i have no problem with being if by the police identified ive done something wrong said the teenager stopped as w because he is underage
being course i have no problem with of stopped by the police if ive done something w said the teenager identified as wrong because he is underage
of course i have no problem with being by the police ive done something wrong said the teenager identified as w he is underage
of course i have no problem with being stopped by the police if ive done wrong said the teenager identified because he is underage
of course i have no problem with being by police if ive done something wrong said the teenager identified as w because he is underage
of i have no problem with being stopped by the police if ive done something wrong said the teenager identified w because he is underage
" of course i have no problem with being stopped by the police Small if i ' ve done something wrong said degasification the teenager, identified as ' Hummingbird w ' USL because he is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped by the police Villas if i ' ve done something wrong RAQUEL said the teenager, mtn identified MOIT as ' w ' because he is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped Animal by the police if i ' ve done optimally something wrong said the teenager, Jamarat identified as ' w ' Guarani because he is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped Bancroft by the police Tsetta if i ' ve done Szmania something wrong said the teenager, identified as ' w ' freelancers because he is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped by the law if i ' ve done something wrong said the teenager, identify as ' w ' because he is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped by the constabulary if iodin ' ve done something wrong said the adolescent, identified as ' w ' because helium is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped by the police if unity ' ve done something wrong said the teen, identified as ' w ' because he is underage. "
" of course i have no problem with being stopped by the police if i ' ve done something wrong say the teenager, identified as ' w ' because he be underage. "
1
"One guy saw me running from the police and thought I was running from these animals she said of a scene when Carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van."
one guy saw and running from the police me thought i was running girl these animals she said of a scene when carmen arrested for stabbing another van they the cigarette factory at both work at escapes from a from
one guy saw the was from me police and thought i running running from these animals she said of a scene work carmen arrested for stabbing another girl at when cigarette factory they both the at escapes from a van
one guy saw me running from the thought and a i she running from these animals was said of a scene when carmen arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette police they both work at escapes from factory van
one guy said stabbing running from me police and thought i was running from these animals she saw of a scene when carmen arrested for the another girl at the cigarette factory they both van at escapes from a work
one guy saw me from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen arrested for stabbing another at the cigarette factory they work at escapes from a van
one guy saw me running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen arrested for stabbing another girl at the factory work at escapes from a van
one running the police thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they work at escapes from a
one guy saw me running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen arrested stabbing another girl at the cigarette they both work at escapes from a van
" one guy saw me running from Caine the police and thought i was running from these animals she said PIGS of a scene Va.VA when carmen, arrested for Oostburg stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from Cara a van. "
" Kench one guy saw me running from the MGY police and thought i was running from these MVME#### animals she said of a scene when ##hp carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at Dolgos the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
" one guy saw me running from the variably police and thought i bugaboos was Chievo running from these animals she said of a scene chlorpyrifos when carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl Szeles at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
" Kenneth one guy saw me James running Marco from the police and personal thought i was running from these animals BE she said of a scene when carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
" one guy take in me running from the police force and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the butt mill they both work at, escapes from a van. "
" one guy saw me course from the police and thought i was running from these brute she said of a scene when carmen, stop for stabbing another girlfriend at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
" one guy fancy me running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen, get for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a vanguard. "
" one guy saw me break away from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen, arrested for poke another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
2
One hour before I came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
to hour before i came one court a military on renewed my arrest for 15 days judge charges of assaulting a policeman he said
one hour before i came policeman court a military days renewed my arrest for 15 judge on charges of assaulting a to he said
one hour before a came to court i military judge renewed my said for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he arrest
one hour before i came to court a he judge renewed said arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman military my
one hour before came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for days on assaulting a he said
one hour before came to court a military judge arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he
one hour before i came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said
one hour before i came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said
one hour before 2go i came to court a eurusd military judge renewed my eyedroppers arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
Quad one hour before i came Sutt to court a military avocado judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before i came to court a military judge Ashenburg renewed my arrest for PIEDMONT 15 days on charges NGFN of assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before i came to THE court a military judge renewed Thaba my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he Ouaknine said.
one hour before 1 came to court a military judge renewed my apprehension for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman helium said.
one hour before i came to courtroom a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman helium said.
one hour before i came to margaret court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
1 hour before i came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 solar day on charges of snipe a policeman he said.
2
Police said I did not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation he said.
police said i did not lawyer a need because we were just having a conversation he said
police said i because not need a lawyer did we were just having a conversation he said
police said i conversation not need a lawyer because we were just having a did he said
police said i just not need a lawyer because we were did having a conversation he said
police said i did not need a lawyer because we were having a conversation he said
said i did not need a lawyer because we were just a conversation he said
said i did not need a lawyer because were just having a conversation he said
police said i did not need a lawyer because we just having a conversation he said
police said i did not need Mehdi a lawyer because we were just having VB a conversation he said.
al police said i did not need a lawyer because we were just 8th having a conversation he said.
police said i did not need a lawyer because Piggy we secretary were just having a conversation he said.
police said i did not shipwright need a lawyer because we were WXII## just having a conversation he said.
constabulary said i did not need a attorney because we were just having a conversation he said.
police said i did not need a lawyer because we were just have got a conversation he said.
police said i manage not need a lawyer because we cost just having a conversation he said.
police said i perform not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation helium said.
0
"Since I was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, adding that he feared for his health if the situation continued."
since i was arrested yesterday no provided no water and no bed or mattress has been feared for me he said adding that he food for his health if situation the continued
since health adding arrested yesterday feared food no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said was that he no for his i if the situation continued
yesterday i was arrested since no food no water and no continued or mattress has been provided for me he said feared that he adding for his health if the situation bed
since i was arrested yesterday no food no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said adding that he feared for his if health situation the continued
i was arrested no food no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he adding that he feared for his health if the situation continued
since i was yesterday food no water and no or mattress has been provided for me he said adding that he feared for his health if the situation continued
since i was arrested yesterday no food no water no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said he feared his health if continued
since arrested yesterday no food no water and bed or mattress been provided for he said adding he feared for his health if the situation continued
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no Larena water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, Frank adding that he feared for colonial his health if the Yangtze situation continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has Navarette been provided XC for Nviro me he said, adding that he feared for his health Dingxi if the situation continued. "
" Saddlebrook since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water Bursting and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, adding Thermage that he feared for his health if Ratnayake the situation continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, Vltava no water and no bed or Caledonia mattress has been provided for me dat he said, adding that he feared for his health if the Voice situation continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been allow for for maine he said, adding that he feared for his health if the state of affairs go along. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed surgery mattress has be allow for for me he said, adding that he fear for his health if the situation continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress give been provided for me atomic number 2 said, adding that he feared for his health if the place continued. "
" since i was catch yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he tell, adding that he feared for his health if the situation keep on. "
2
"So I am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: I abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said."
so i am guilty of a of conspiracy to guilty kidnap of mass destruction to hit but let me be clear i abhor all who weapon and murder civilians and my captors are both use broad clearly crimes she said
so kidnap am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass said to hit but let me be murder i abhor all who i and captors civilians and my clear are clearly guilty of both crimes she destruction
so i am guilty are a broad conspiracy to use weapon clearly mass destruction to hit but let me and clear i abhor all who kidnap be murder of and my captors of civilians guilty of both crimes she said
so i am guilty of a weapon conspiracy captors use broad of mass but to hit destruction let me be clear of abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians and my to are clearly guilty i both crimes she said
so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use mass destruction to but let me be clear i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians and my are clearly of both crimes she
i am of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction hit but let me be clear i all who kidnap and murder civilians and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said
so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit but let me be clear i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes said
so i guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon mass destruction to hit but let me be i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians and my captors are of both crimes said
" pancakes so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon Ms. of mass destruction to hit, but let ING me be clear: i Stocktrail abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly Frump guilty of both crimes she said. "
" Sutler so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use Bryan weapon of mass destruction to hit, Khvichava but let me be Hate clear: i Nichola abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let Charles me exhausted be clear: i e abhor all who kidnap Emily and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly Purkett guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad DDH conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: i abhor all who kidnap and Jade murder civilians, J. and HRH my captors are clearly guilty Lisa of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use arm of mass destruction to hit, but let pine tree state be clear: i abhor all world health organization nobble and murder civilian, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad confederacy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but have me make up clear: i abhor all world health organization kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors make up clearly guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to utilize weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: i abhor all who kidnap and slaying civilians, and my captors be clearly guilty of both offence she said. "
" so i be guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captor are clearly guilty of both offense she said. "
2
"The army warned me to leave quickly if I did not want to be arrested said Faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in Qoshtapa, 18 kilometers  11 miles  from Arbil, which is under the control of the Kurdistan Democratic Party KDP."
the army warned me to leave quickly if i did not days to be arrested said want who some refuge took 10 faqi ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which of under the control is the kurdistan democratic party kdp
the army kdp me to leave under if i did 18 want to be arrested said faqi arbil took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa not kilometers 11 miles from who which is quickly the control of the kurdistan democratic party warned
the army warned me to leave the if i did faqi want to kurdistan arrested said not who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is be the control of quickly under democratic party kdp
the army i me to leave quickly to warned did not want if be arrested said faqi who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which democratic under the control is the kurdistan of party kdp
the army warned me to leave quickly if i did not want to be arrested said faqi who took refuge some days ago qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is under control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp
the warned me to leave quickly i did not want to be arrested said faqi who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 11 miles arbil is under control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp
the army warned to leave quickly if i did want to be arrested said faqi who took some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic
the army warned to leave quickly i did not want to be arrested said faqi who took refuge some 10 days ago qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is control of the kurdistan democratic kdp
" CCHGroup.com the army warned me to Janta leave quickly if i did not want to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge By some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 Yukon kilometers 11 Guocoland miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the army warned me to leave quickly if i rösti did not want to be arrested Hubert said faqi, Riutta who took refuge some 10 days ago in Pole qoshtapa, 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the Landhi control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the army warned me to leave Ogararu quickly Donna if i did not want to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge Weeldreyer some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 St kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party exacerbated kdp. "
" the army warned me to AMSOIL leave quickly if i did suburban not want to be arrested said agent faqi, who took RINCON refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 Terrier kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the army warned me to leave cursorily if iodine did not need to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 km xi miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the ground forces warned me to leave quickly if i behave not want to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, xviii kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the army warn me to leave quickly if i did not want to embody arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 clarence shepard day jr. ago in qoshtapa, 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan popular party kdp. "
" the army warned me to leave quickly if i did not need to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 kilometers eleven miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan popular party kdp. "
1
The first time I heard the recording was in court VanderMeer said in Friday's editions of The Grand Rapids Press.
the first time i said the recording rapids in court vandermeer heard in fridays editions of the grand was press
the the time i heard first recording was in court vandermeer said in press editions of the grand rapids fridays
vandermeer first time i heard the recording was in court the said in fridays editions of the grand rapids press
the first time i heard fridays recording grand in court vandermeer said in the editions of the was rapids press
the first time i heard the recording in court vandermeer said in fridays editions of the grand rapids
the first time i heard the recording was in court vandermeer said in fridays editions of the grand rapids press
first time i the recording was in court vandermeer said in fridays editions of the grand rapids press
the first time i the recording was in court vandermeer said in fridays editions of the grand rapids press
ENP the first time PHILADELPHIA i heard the rutabaga recording was in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
the first time i heard Meme the recording was in court boss vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the GOL grand rapids press.
the La'Rod first time i heard the recording was analyzer in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids beauty press.
Corsair the first RUGBY time i heard the recording was Celebration in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
the foremost time i heard the transcription was in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
the first time i heard the recording was in lawcourt vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
the first time i heard the recording was in court vandermeer said in fri ' s editions of the sublime rapids press.
the first time i heard the transcription was in court vandermeer allege in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
2
"The last time I was in court President Nelson Mandela said Tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting ""was to hear whether or not I was going to be sentenced to death."""
the last time i was in court president nelson mandela historical tuesday with a said flourish that death fitting was to hear whether or not i was going to be seemed to sentenced
the last time i was in court president nelson mandela to tuesday with flourish historical a that seemed sentenced was said hear whether or not i was going to be fitting to death
the last time i flourish in court president be mandela not tuesday with a historical was that seemed fitting was to hear whether or said i was going to nelson sentenced to death
the court i to was in last president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced time death
the last time i was in court president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death
the time i was in court president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish seemed fitting was to or not i was going to be to death
the last time i was in court president nelson mandela said with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to hear whether or i was going to be sentenced to death
the last time i was in president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to hear whether or not was to be sentenced to death
" Fr the last time i was in court president nelson mandela said tuesday with Bravard a historical anthropocentric flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or Scott not i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the last time i pound was in court president nelson ---------- mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or not i was Jung going to Joe be sentenced to death. " " "
" the Football last time i Unconvincing was in court president nelson mandela Wards said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether APOS or not i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the last time i was in court president Ruth nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish glossy that Dodge seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or not Denise i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the last time iodin was in court president of the united states nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that look fitting " " was to hear whether or not i was going to be condemn to death. " " "
" the last time i was in court president admiral nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical fanfare that seemed fitting " " was to get word whether operating room not i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the concluding time i was in court president admiral nelson mandela said tues with a historical flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced to expiry. " " "
" the last time i was in court president nelson mandela suppose tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or not i exist go to be sentenced to death. " " "
2
"The prison authority informed us of a request for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he also said."
the prison informed authority us of a request for a visit which to decided not we oppose he also said
the prison us informed authority of a oppose for a visit which we decided not to request he also said
the prison authority informed us of a request a to visit which we decided not for oppose he also said
the prison authority informed us of decided request for we visit which a a not to oppose he also said
the prison authority informed us of a request for a visit which we decided not to oppose he also said
the prison authority informed us of a request for decided not to oppose he also said
the prison authority informed of a request for a which we decided not to oppose he also said
the prison informed us of a request for a visit which we not to he also said
" MARIE the prison authority informed us Sak of a request for a visit, which immersing we decided not to oppose he also said. "
" the prison authority Richard informed us of a request for a visit, which Dividend we decided not to Months oppose he also said. "
" the prison authority informed us of a request for a visit, which Instrat we Nguyen decided not to oppose he also NNHS said. "
" the prison Fred authority informed us of a ISO request for a visit, which we decided not to oppose www.kssg.com he also said. "
" the prison authority inform us of a asking for a visit, which we decided non to oppose he also said. "
" the prison authority inform us of a petition for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he also said. "
" the prison house authority informed us of a asking for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he as well said. "
" the prison authority inform us of a request for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he also say. "
0
"They arrested me just because I looked out of my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24-hour curfew imposed by the Israeli army during the intifada, or uprising."
they i me just because arrested looked out of my home he said explaining that he had defied intifada 24 hour a imposed by the israeli army during the curfew or uprising
they arrested me just intifada i looked out of my home he said by that he had defied a 24 hour the imposed explaining curfew israeli army during the because or uprising
they arrested me just because i looked out that my defied he said explaining of he had imposed a 24 hour curfew home by the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
they arrested because just me i said out of my home he looked explaining that 24 had defied a he hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
they arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said explaining that he had defied a 24 hour curfew by the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
they arrested me just because i out of my home said explaining that he had defied a 24 hour curfew imposed by the israeli army the intifada or uprising
they arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said explaining that he had defied 24 hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
they arrested me just because i looked out my home he said explaining that he had defied a 24 hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
" they arrested me just Bishop because i Malayan looked out of my home he said, explaining Sabanovic that he had defied a 24 - hour curfew RCS imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because AMBUB i looked Sebastian out of my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24 - hour ##:##:## curfew trunk imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because i Potential looked out of my home he said, explaining Badaga that he had defied FORT a tryptophan 24 - hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because i looked out of Parke my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24 - hour curfew imposed by the Rob israeli RUDOLPH army NYSE during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said, explaining that atomic number 2 had defy a 24 - hour curfew bring down by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they stop me just because i looked out of my home he said, explaining that he had defied a two dozen - hour curfew imposed by the israeli united states army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because i count kayoed of my household he said, explaining that he had defied a 24 - hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said, explaining that atomic number 2 had defied a 24 - hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifadah, beaver state uprising. "
2
"This evening, I was driving in an over-exuberant manner and, as a result, was stopped by the police Hamilton said in a statement."
a evening i was driving in an over exuberant manner and as by result was stopped this the police hamilton said in a statement
this evening i in driving was an over exuberant said and as a result was stopped by the police hamilton manner in a statement
over evening i was driving in a this exuberant manner and as a result was stopped by the police hamilton said in an statement
this evening i was driving in an over exuberant manner and as a in was stopped by the police hamilton said statement a result
this evening i was driving in an over exuberant manner and as a stopped by the police hamilton said in a statement
this evening i was driving in an over exuberant manner and as a result was stopped by the police hamilton said in a statement
this evening i was driving in an exuberant manner and as a result stopped by the police hamilton said in statement
this i was driving an over exuberant manner as a result stopped by the police hamilton said in a statement
" this evening, i was Errickson driving in an over - exuberant manner and, ancho as a result, was stopped by Italy the police hamilton said in a ScrapArtsMusic statement. "
" this evening, i was driving in an over - exuberant manner and, Dato as a result, was stopped by the Katura police hamilton said in Crowston a Base statement. "
" this evening, i was Koor driving in an over - exuberant manner and, as a result, Liam was stopped by Pilani the police hamilton said in a SOMERS statement. "
" this evening, i was driving in an over - exuberant Prasanna manner and, as christen a result, rocket was stopped by the police hamilton said in a Budgam statement. "
" this evening, atomic number 53 was drive in an over - exuberant manner and, as a result, embody stopped by the police hamilton said in a statement. "
" this evening, i was driving in an over - exuberant manner and, as a result, constitute give up by the police force hamilton said in a statement. "
" this evening, ace was driving in an over - exuberant manner and, as a upshot, was stopped by the police hamilton said in a instruction. "
" this evening, iodin was driving in an over - exuberant manner and, as a result, was turn back by the police alice hamilton said in a statement. "
2
"We are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students."
we teenaged going to take them determine court after we the out forensics to to who raped who he said adding that carry detainees were all are high school students
we are going to take carry were court after we them out forensics to determine who raped who he said adding that the all to detainees teenaged high school students
we are going to take them to after court we all forensics out to determine who raped who he said adding that the detainees were carry teenaged high school students
we are going determine school them to court after we carry out forensics to to who raped who he said adding were the detainees that all teenaged high take students
we are to take them to court after we carry out to raped who he said adding that detainees were all teenaged high students
we are to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who said adding that the detainees were all high school students
we are going to take them court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said that the detainees were all teenaged high school students
we are going to take them to court we carry out forensics to who who said adding that detainees were all teenaged high school students
" we are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine HOLDING who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all Michigan teenaged overflowing high MICHELLE school students. "
" we are going to take them Got to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who paidcirc@kansasmediaone.com he said, adding that hander the detainees were all teenaged LOGN high school students. "
" we are EEP going to take them to court Business after we carry out forensics to determine PrimeSUITE who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all SPARC## teenaged high school students. "
" La we are going Mthombothi to take them to court after passengers we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the SCOS detainees were all teenaged high school students. "
" we cost going to take them to court after we stock out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the detainee were all teenaged high school students. "
" we are going to have them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who helium said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students. "
" we are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped world health organization he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged gamy school scholarly person. "
" we are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who pink who he said, summate that the detainees were all teenaged high school students. "
0
"When I received no reply, I went to court he said."
to i received no reply i went when court he said
when i received i reply no went to court he said
when i received no reply i to went court he said
when i received no reply said went to court he i
when i received no reply i went to court he said
when i no reply i went to court he said
when i no reply i went to court he said
i received no reply i went to court he said
" when i received Erin no SaratogaArtsFest reply, i went to court he said. "
" when i received FlyerTalk.com no reply, i went Human to court he said. "
" SNOWBALL when i received no IRLI reply, i went to court he said. "
" when i received NW'ly no reply, i went to court album he said. "
" when i received no reply, i move to judicature he said. "
" when i receive no reply, i went to court he said. "
" when i received no reply, one went to court he said. "
" when i received no reply, i went to court of law he said. "
2
"Who decided, and for what reason, that I would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she asked."
substance decided and for what reason that i would go from being who witness to being a of accused crime if in my home they did not find any banned a she asked
who decided and for what to that i would go crime being a witness reason being accused of a from if in my home they did not find any asked substance she banned
who decided and a what reason that i would go from being a witness to being accused of for crime if in my home they any not find did banned she substance asked
who decided and for what reason that i would go of being a any to being accused from a did if in my home they crime not find witness banned substance she asked
who decided and for what reason that i would go from a witness being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance she
who decided and for what that i go from being a witness to accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance she asked
who decided for what reason that i would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find banned she asked
who decided and for what reason that i would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home did not find any banned she asked
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would Garde go from H1B being Rob a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned Be substance? she asked. "
" who decided, and Muhamet for what reason, that i would go from Kuwitzky being a witness to being accused of Lost a crime if in my reliever home they did not find any banned substance? she asked. "
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would go from being Merge a witness unexploded to fanboyism being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she Mart asked. "
" Sudeep who decided, conocer and for what reason, that i would go http://StockEinstein.com from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did Brodie not find any banned substance? she asked. "
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she asked. "
" world health organization decided, and for what reason, that i would go from being a witness to being impeach of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she asked. "
" who decided, and for what rationality, that i would go from being a attestator to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any ostracise substance? she asked. "
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would go from personify a witness to equal accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she asked. "
2
"Yes, ma'am, I am guilty as charged Jim D. Adkisson, 58, told Criminal Court Judge Mary Beth Leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first-degree murder and six of attempted murder."
am maam i yes in as charged jim d adkisson 58 told to court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him criminal life guilty prison without parole attempted two counts of first degree murder and six of on murder
yes maam i am guilty as charged jim d adkisson prison told criminal court and without beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in of mary parole on two counts 58 first degree murder judge six of attempted murder
yes maam and am guilty as charged jim d adkisson 58 told counts prison judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in court without parole on two criminal of first degree murder six i of attempted murder
yes maam i am guilty as charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary attempted leibowitz before sentenced she him to life in prison without parole on two counts murder beth degree murder and six of first of
yes maam i am guilty as charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first degree murder and six of attempted murder
yes maam i am guilty charged jim d adkisson told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him life in prison without parole on counts of first degree and six of attempted murder
yes i am guilty as charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before sentenced to life in prison parole on two counts of degree and six of attempted murder
yes maam i guilty charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to in prison without parole on two counts of first degree murder and six of attempted murder
" yes, ma ' am, i am guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal court Saucer judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to Electrum life in prison without Customer parole on two counts of first - degree Magnitude murder and six scan of charger attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' Anthony am, i am guilty as Junior charged Milivoj jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of Supervisor first - Erik degree murder and six of Andy attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' LIVE am, i BJ am guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told Pinery criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced blew him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first - Gaughan degree murder wasting and six of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' am, Jababeka i am Wolak guilty binning as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without Ashker parole on two counts of first - degree album murder and six ESDs of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' am, i am guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, lviii, told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she doom him to life in prison without watchword on two counts of world class - degree murder and six of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' am, i am hangdog as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of beginning - degree murder and six of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' cost, i am guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two count of beginning - degree murder and six of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' am, i am guilty as charge jim five hundred. adkisson, 58, told reprehensible court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first - degree murder and half a dozen of attempted murder. "
2
"According to Ms. Kedia's account of the conversation, Ms. Sipperly suddenly said ""I can't believe we're going to trial over what are minor differences'in the terms of a plea agreement."""
according ms going kedias account trial the conversation to sipperly suddenly said i cant believe were ms to of over what are minor differencesin the terms of a plea agreement
according to ms kedias account of terms conversation the sipperly suddenly said i plea believe were going to trial over what are minor differencesin the ms of a cant agreement
according are ms kedias account of of conversation ms sipperly suddenly said i cant believe plea going to trial over what to minor differencesin the terms the a were agreement
according are ms kedias account suddenly the conversation ms sipperly of said i cant believe were of to trial over what to minor differencesin the terms going a plea agreement
according to ms account of the conversation ms sipperly suddenly said i cant believe were going to trial over what are minor differencesin the terms of a plea agreement
according to kedias account of the conversation ms sipperly suddenly said i cant believe were to trial over what are minor differencesin the terms of a plea agreement
according to ms kedias account of the conversation ms sipperly said i believe going to trial over what are minor differencesin the terms of a plea agreement
according to ms kedias account of the conversation ms sipperly suddenly said i cant believe were going to trial over what are minor differencesin the terms a plea agreement
" Hania according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly East suddenly said " " i can ' WPS t believe we ' re going Hollinghurst to trial over what are candidated minor differences ' in the terms of a plea agreement. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' s account Abdulsattar of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe we ' NESBITT re Bill going to trial over what are Gurunagar minor differences ' in the terms gradu of a plea agreement. " " "
" Implied according to ms. kedia ' s account Sheldon of the conversation, grandmothers ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i drying can ' t believe we ' re going to trial over what megaplan are minor differences ' in the terms of a plea agreement. " " "
" according ingenuity to ms. kedia ' tunefulness s account of U2 the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe we ' re going spook to trial over what are minor differences ' file in the terms of a plea agreement. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " iodin can ' t believe we ' re going to trial over what are minor difference ' in the terms of a plea agreement. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i bathroom ' t consider we ' ray going to trial over what are minor differences ' in the terms of a plea agreement. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe we ' re going to trial over what are minor differences ' in the terms of a plea correspondence. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe we ' re going to trial over what are minor differences ' in the terms of a supplication agreement. " " "
2
"And if we find evidence, we will go to trial."
and if we find evidence we will go to trial
and if find we evidence we will go to trial
and if will find evidence we we go to trial
and if we find evidence we will go trial to
if we find evidence we will go to trial
and if we find evidence we will go to trial
and we find we will go to trial
if we find evidence we will go to trial
" and Laudenslager if Eisener we find evidence, we will go to trial. "
" and if we find evidence, we will Otava go Abdullah to trial. "
" and Sewards if we find evidence, we will go to Deutsche trial. "
" Portable and if we find evidence, we deindustrialization will go to trial. "
" and if we find evidence, we will go to visitation. "
" and if we notice evidence, we volition go to trial. "
" and if we find evidence, we will go to tribulation. "
" and if we find evidence, we will go to trial. "
1
And if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and prevail we go to trial on these claims we should if
and if we go to trial on these should we claims prevail
and these we go to trial on if claims we should prevail
go if we and to trial on these claims we should prevail
and if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail
and if go to these we should prevail
and if we to trial on these claims we should prevail
and if we go to trial on claims we prevail
and Gray if we ADELAIDE go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
Derco and Pueblo if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these claims Bayan we Agrisure should prevail.
and leftover if we go to trial Linda on these claims we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
1
"And third, finally, I am accused of connected crimes."
and third finally crimes am accused of connected i
and am finally i third accused of connected crimes
and third finally i of accused am connected crimes
and third accused i am finally of connected crimes
and third finally i am accused of connected crimes
and third finally i am accused of connected crimes
and third finally i am accused of crimes
and third finally am accused of connected crimes
" and Merrimacport third, finally, i am accused of connected AAHK crimes. "
" and third, finally, i Tiziana am GLENVILLE accused of connected crimes. "
" and third, finally, i am accused Pencheon of Fromlet connected crimes. "
" skated and third, finally, RPSGB i am accused of connected crimes. "
" and third, finally, i be accused of connected crimes. "
" and third, finally, i am accused of connected crimes. "
" and third, finally, i be accused of machine accessible crimes. "
" and tertiary, finally, iodine am accused of connected crimes. "
2
"Appealing his detention to the Supreme Court, Sabi wrote:""If I am being punished not only for a crime I did not commit, but also for one I am not going to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental rights."""
appealing his detention to but supreme going sabi wrote if i am being punished not only not a crime i did not commit the also my one i am for court to commit this is a denial of for fundamental rights
appealing his detention not the supreme for sabi to if i am being punished wrote only for a crime fundamental did not commit but also court one i am not going to commit this is a denial of my i rights
a his detention to the supreme court sabi wrote if i am is only not punished for appealing crime i to not commit but also for one i am not going did commit this being a denial of my fundamental rights
to not detention going the supreme court sabi wrote if i am being punished not a for a crime i did his commit but also for one i am not appealing to commit this is only denial of my fundamental rights
appealing his to the supreme court sabi wrote if i am punished only for a crime i did not commit for one i am not going to commit this is a denial of my fundamental rights
appealing his detention to supreme court sabi wrote if i being punished not only for a crime i commit but also for one i am not going commit this is a my
his detention to the supreme court wrote if i am being punished not only for a crime i did not commit but also for one i am not going to commit this is a denial of my fundamental rights
appealing his detention to the supreme court sabi wrote i am being punished not only for a crime did not but also for one i am not going to this is a denial of fundamental rights
" appealing his detention to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being punished not only for a crime Thinadhoo i did not commit, but also for one i am Ruth not going to commit, negotiator this Revol is CBS4 a denial of my Shojaei fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his CCStudio detention to NTAP the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if Secretary i am being Roberto punished not only for a crime sweetened i did not commit, but also for one i am receiver not going to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" piloting appealing his detention to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being punished not only for a crime i did Administrative not commit, but also for Mores one i am not going metronome to commit, this is Menendez a alam denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his detention to the supreme met court, sabi wrote: " " if i Vancouver am being punished not only for a crime La i did not commit, but also for one i am not going USCG to commit, BS this is a denial of my FierceHealthIT fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his hold to the supreme court, sabi spell: " " if i am being punished non only for a crime i did not commit, but also for one i am not go to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" invoke his detention to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being punished not only for a crime single did not commit, but also for one i am not going to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental right hand. " " "
" appealing his detention to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being punished not exclusively for a criminal offense i did non commit, but besides for one i am not going to put, this is a denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his detention to the supreme tribunal, sabi wrote: " " if one am being penalize not only for a crime iodin did not commit, but too for one i am not going to commit, this is a denial of my primal rights. " " "
1
"At another point, Geragos explained ""I was trying to prevent a crime against my client."""
at another point to explained i was trying geragos prevent a crime against my client
at another point geragos crime i was trying to prevent a explained against my client
at another point geragos explained i was trying to crime a prevent against my client
at another client geragos explained i was trying to prevent a crime against my point
at geragos explained i was to prevent a crime against my client
at point geragos explained i was trying to prevent a crime against my client
at geragos explained i was trying prevent a crime against my client
at another point geragos explained was trying to prevent a crime against my
" at another point, geragos By explained " " i was Sangaw trying to prevent Dutchman a crime against my client. " " "
" at LEVI another point, geragos explained " " Intellisync i was trying to prevent a crime against my Krustyland client. " " "
" at another Capel point, geragos explained " " i Magistrate was trying to prevent Repealing a crime against my client. " " "
" at another Mehrabad point, geragos explained " " i was trying to News2Use prevent a crime against Bord my client. " " "
" at another point, geragos explained " " i was trying to prevent a crime against my guest. " " "
" at another point, geragos explained " " i equal trying to prevent a crime against my client. " " "
" at another point, geragos explain " " i was render to forestall a crime against my client. " " "
" at another pointedness, geragos explained " " i was trying to prevent a crime against my client. " " "
1
"Because of the suffering that she received when I was in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a national figure."
figure of the suffering that she received when i was in jail the that support she gave me she became a national because
because that the suffering that she received when i she in jail the support of was gave me she became a national figure
a of the suffering that she received when i was support jail the in that she gave me she became because national figure
in of the suffering that she received when i was because jail the a that she gave me she became support national figure
because the suffering that she when was in jail support that she gave me she became a national figure
because of the suffering that she received i was in jail the support that she gave me she became a national figure
because of the suffering that she received when in jail the support that she gave me she became a national figure
because of the suffering that she received when i was jail support that she gave me she became a national figure
" because of the suffering that she Vallerga received when Croc i was in jail, the CORUNA support that she gave me, she became a national figure. "
" Raifsnider because of the suffering that she received when i Dapuzzo was in jail, the support that tablespoons she gave me, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when i was stet in Steve jail, the support that she gave BINGO me, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when Tropical i was in jail, the Everhardt support that IN she gave me, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she receive when i was in jail, the support that she gave pine tree state, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when i be in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when i be in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a interior figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when 1 was in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a national figure. "
2
"Being raped was for me, as it is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something I've discussed with very few people."
being raped was for me as it is for so something agony an intensely private women many ive discussed with very few people
being raped is for with as it was for so many women an intensely private agony something ive discussed me very few people
being raped was for me as it is for people many women an intensely private agony something discussed ive with very few so
being raped was for me as it is for so people women ive intensely private agony something an discussed with very few many
raped for me as it so many women an intensely private agony something ive discussed with very few people
being raped was for me as it is for so many an intensely private agony something ive discussed with very few people
being raped was for as is for many women an intensely private agony something ive discussed with very few people
being raped was for me as it for so many women an intensely private agony something ive discussed with very few people
" being raped Wheelchair was for me, as it is for Burt so many women, an Singleton intensely private agony, something YES i ' ve discussed with very few people. "
" being raped was for me, as it is for so many purposefully women, Gretchen an intensely private agony, something i ' ve HE discussed with very Ethiopia few people. "
" Maj. being raped was for me, as it is for so disproportionality many Tony women, an intensely CHO private agony, something i ' ve discussed with very few people. "
" being raped Georges was for me, as Cuba it is Tracy for so many women, an Shangri intensely private agony, something i ' ve discussed with very few people. "
" being dishonour was for me, as it is for so many woman, an intensely private agony, something i ' ve discussed with very few hoi polloi. "
" being raped was for me, as information technology is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something i ' ve discussed with very few people. "
" being raped was for me, as it is for and then many women, an intensely secret agony, something unity ' ve discussed with very few people. "
" embody assault was for me, as it is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something iodine ' ve discussed with very few people. "
2
"Being with the martial arts and being a Marine, I'll get charged with attempted murder."
being with the martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted murder
being with murder martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted the
being murder the martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted with
being with the being arts and martial a marine ill get charged with attempted murder
being with martial arts being marine ill get charged with attempted murder
being with the martial arts and being a ill get charged with attempted murder
with the arts and a ill get charged with attempted murder
being with the martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted murder
" Veno being with the martial arts Orthogon and being a marine, LaSecla i ' ll get charged with attempted murder. "
" being with millimeter the martial arts Bill and being a marine, i ' ll get charged with wicked attempted murder. "
" being miley with the FlexNetwork martial arts and being a marine, i ' ll STANDARD get charged with attempted murder. "
" Brandon being with the martial arts and being a marine, Satyanand i ' ll get charged Capelli with attempted murder. "
" be with the martial arts and being a marine, i ' ll get charged with attempted murder. "
" being with the martial arts and being a marine, i ' ll get charge with attempted murder. "
" being with the martial arts and being a devil dog, i ' ll get charged with attempted murder. "
" being with the martial arts and being a marine, one ' ll get excite with attempted murder. "
2
"But being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything I ever observed or imagined could occur."
but being anything with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than charged i or observed ever imagined could occur
but being attempted with assault charged kidnapping and attempted murder is ever greater than anything i far observed or imagined could occur
but being charged with assault than kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater attempted anything i ever could or imagined observed occur
with being anything but assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than charged i ever observed or imagined could occur
but being charged with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined could occur
but being charged with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far than ever observed or imagined could occur
but being charged with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined occur
but being charged with assault kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined could occur
" but being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder PRNewswire is far leather greater than anything i ever observed or Na imagined could occur. "
" but being charged Phi with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than TechTarget anything Kiril i ever observed or imagined could occur. "
" Naked but being charged with assault, attempted R. kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i Kade ever observed or imagined could occur. "
" but being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping www.pfizer.com and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ASX ever observed or imagined could ancient occur. "
" but being charged with assault, try kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or reckon could occur. "
" but being charged with violation, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far capital than anything i ever observed or imagined could occur. "
" but being charged with assault, attempt kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed surgery imagined could occur. "
" but being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed operating room imagined could take place. "
2
"But blackmail is not the way to do it, and I'm not going to be blackmailed."
but blackmail is not the way im do it and to not going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not the way to going it and im not do to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not not way to do it and im the going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not going way to do it and im not the to be blackmailed
but blackmail not the way to do it and im not going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not the way to do it and im not going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not way to do it and im not going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not the way to do it and im not going be blackmailed
" but Carlini blackmail is ADRIENNE not the way to do it, and GHATTAS i ' m not going to be blackmailed. "
" but blackmail is not the Atrazine way to do it, and i ' m not going to Subservient be titanium blackmailed. "
" but blackmail is w not the way to do it, and i ' BY m naiveté not going to be blackmailed. "
" rumors but blackmail is not the OilPrice.com way to do it, and i ' m not going to be Wahrer blackmailed. "
" but blackmail is not the elbow room to make out it, and i ' m not go to be blackmailed. "
" but blackmail be not the way to do it, and i ' m non going to follow blackmailed. "
" but blackmail live not the way to do it, and one ' m non going to be blackmailed. "
" but blackmail is not the manner to do it, and i ' m non going to live blackmailed. "
0
But even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say 'My conviction has to be overturned because what I was convicted of was not a crime' Wise said.
but even those trial final judgments could have pretty was grounds to go said to the with court and say my conviction has to be overturned because what i good convicted of was not a crime wise back
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back because the trial court and say my conviction overturned to be has to what i was was of convicted not a crime wise said
but even grounds with final judgments could have pretty good go to those back to the trial court and say my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted a was not of crime wise said
good even those with final go could have pretty but grounds to judgments of to the trial court and say my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted back was not a crime wise said
but even those with final could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have good grounds to go back to the court say conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have pretty grounds to go back to the trial court and say my conviction has to be overturned because i was of was not a crime wise said
but even those with final could have pretty good grounds to go back to trial court and say my conviction has to be overturned what i was convicted of was not a crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good Joe grounds to go Ladenson back By to the trial court and say ' SHOWS my conviction has leagueâ to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime ' wise said.
but even those Edwin with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court Douglas and say ' my conviction has to be Falie overturned because what i Vicente was convicted of chronically was not a crime ' wise said.
but even those with Firas final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has to be Evelyn overturned because what ambassador i was Kristy convicted of was not a crime ' ============== wise said.
spokesman but even those with final judgments could have Makes pretty good grounds to go back to the trial Bash court and say ' Borry my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime ' wise Guinness said.
but even those with last judgment could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has to be tip over because what i was convicted of was not a crime ' wise said.
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good priming coat to belong back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has to be overturned because what iodine was convicted of was not a crime ' isaac mayer wise said.
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has to be countermand because what i was convicted of was not a crime ' stephen samuel wise said.
but even those with net judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the run court and say ' my conviction has to make up overturned because what ace was convicted of was not a crime ' wise said.
0
But he said in the radio interview that'I can not plead guilty in good conscience: I committed no crime.
but he said committed the radio interview thati can not plead guilty in good conscience i in no crime
but he said in the radio good thati can not plead guilty in interview conscience i committed no crime
but he in said the radio interview thati can not plead guilty in good conscience i committed no crime
but he said in the guilty interview thati can not plead radio in good conscience i committed no crime
but he said in the interview thati can not plead guilty in good conscience no crime
but he said in the radio interview not plead guilty in good conscience no crime
but said in the radio interview thati can not plead guilty in good i committed no crime
but he the radio thati can not plead guilty in good conscience i committed no crime
but Robinson he said in the radio interview that ' i can not Phil plead guilty in good tunning conscience: i committed no crime.
glass but he said in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good DONNA conscience: RTM i committed no crime.
but he said Chateau in the radio interview that ' i deli can not plead guilty in good PCL6 conscience: i committed no crime.
THE but he said in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty Clock in buy good conscience: i committed no crime.
only helium said in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good conscience: i committed no criminal offense.
but he tell in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good conscience: iodine committed no crime.
but he said in the wireless interview that ' i can not plead guilty in unspoilt conscience: iodin committed no crime.
but he said in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good conscience: i commit no crime.
0
But I was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was 'the ultimate anthem of pedophiles'.
but i was being accused of being song pedophile for writing this a or that it of the ultimate anthem was pedophiles
but i was being accused song being a that for writing this of or pedophile it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for or song this writing that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but being was being accused of or a pedophile for writing this song i that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but i was accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
i was being accused of being pedophile for writing this song or that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but i being accused of being a pedophile for this song or that it was the ultimate anthem pedophiles
but i was being accused of being a effortlessly pedophile Postbox for writing this song or that it was ' Donny the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was ' the ultimate Courtney anthem al of undivided pedophiles '.
but i was desert being accused of being a pedophile Pro for writing this Kelham song or that it was ' the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
but i was momentarily being accused old of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it drowse was ' the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
but atomic number 53 was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was ' the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
but i be follow accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was ' the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for drop a line this song or that it was ' the ultimate hymn of pedophiles '.
but i was make up accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that information technology was ' the ultimate anthem of paedophile '.
2
"Diawara told Corriere dello Sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday:""After having given a friend a lift home I was stopped by police""."
diawara he corriere after sport that told had been arrested dello celebrating his birthday after having given a friend a lift home i was stopped by police
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after given his birthday after having celebrating a stopped a lift home i was friend by police
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after home his birthday after having given a friend a lift i celebrating was stopped by police
diawara birthday corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after stopped his told after having given a friend a lift home i was celebrating by police
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after his birthday after having a friend a lift home i was stopped
diawara told corriere dello that he had been arrested after celebrating birthday after having given a friend a lift home i stopped by
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday after having given a a lift home i was stopped by police
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday after having given a friend a lift i was stopped by police
" diawara told Vanessa corriere Par dello sport that he had been arrested Cronicas after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a YUCA friend a lift home i was stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told Emi corriere dello sport that Dharmabad he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given Siobhan a friend a lift home i Keavey was stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a friend Melstrom a Hazira lift home i Tobacco was Nwanaokwo stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello HealthMark sport that he had been arrested after tradename celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a friend counterpunching a lift home i was Upper stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello sport that he had be arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a supporter a lift home i was stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello play that he had be arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a friend a lift home i was stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his natal day: " " after having given a friend a lift place iodine was stop by police " ". "
" diawara distinguish corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having give a friend a lift home i was stopped by police force " ". "
2
"During the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles I had on my wrists and my feet and told me I was arrested with 15 other Arabs for having considered to fight the American army."
during the hearing they refused to remove the shackles i on had my wrists and my feet and told me i was to with 15 other arabs for army considered arrested fight the american having
during i hearing they refused to remove my shackles i had on the wrists for my feet and told me the was arrested with 15 other arabs and having considered to fight the american army
during for hearing they refused to remove the shackles i had fight my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested the 15 other arabs with having considered to on the american army
during the hearing they refused my remove the shackles i had on to wrists and my feet arabs told having i was arrested with 15 other and for me considered to fight the american army
during the hearing they to remove the shackles i on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american
during the hearing they to remove the i had on my wrists and my feet told i was arrested with 15 other for having considered to american army
during the hearing they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight american army
during the hearing they refused remove the i on my wrists and my feet told me i arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american army
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had on Xinhua my wrists and my Newbury feet and told me i Gamer was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight gur the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to ThunderCats remove the shackles i had Quantum on my multiplex wrists and my feet and told me i Guinzburg was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they Muscat refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was stitching arrested with Sorgenti 15 other OF arabs for having considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had poet on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested Vallees with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the Kapperman american cleveland.com army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i be arrested with xv other arabs for having considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was catch with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my foot and told me i was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american united states army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackle i own on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested with xv other arabs for have got considered to fight the american army. "
2
"Each time I visit my aunt, security agents stop me and question me at length."
each time i visit my aunt security agents stop length and question me at me
each time i visit my aunt security agents me me and question stop at length
each time i visit my aunt security agents stop me and question at me length
question time i visit my aunt security agents stop me and each me at length
each time i my aunt security agents stop me and question me
each time i visit my aunt security agents stop me me at length
each time i visit my aunt security agents stop me question me at
each i visit my aunt security stop me question me at length
" each time i visit my aunt, security Clinique agents stop me and question me Plapp at length. "
" each time i visit Quarterstick my aunt, security agents stop JWP me and question me at length. "
" each time i visit my aunt, security DX7 agents stop me and question me at Clover length. "
" each time i visit my aunt, security agents Print stop me and question me Zielona at length. "
" each time i visit my aunt, security agents stop maine and interrogate me at length. "
" each time i visit my aunty, security agents stop me and question pine tree state at length. "
" each clock time i inspect my aunt, security agents stop me and question me at length. "
" each time i visit my aunty, security agent stop me and question me at length. "
2
"Even if I get arrested again by the Americans, let the world know the truth the 47-year-old, who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told AFP during an interview in his home in southeastern Afghanistan on Wednesday."
even the i get arrested again by if americans let the world the know truth the 47 year old who has on as a police officer for close to 30 years home afp during an interview in his told in southeastern afghanistan worked wednesday
even if i worked arrested 30 by the americans let truth world know the the the 47 year old afp has get as a police officer for close to again years told who during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again year the a let the world know the truth the 47 by old southeastern has worked as americans police officer for to close 30 years told afp during an interview in his home in who afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans let the world know in truth the 47 year during who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years told afp old an interview his afghanistan home in southeastern the on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans let world know truth the 47 year old who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years told afp during an in his home in southeastern afghanistan wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans let the know the truth the 47 old who has worked as a police officer for close to years told afp during an interview in his in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans let the world know the truth the year old who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years told afp during an interview in his in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans the world know the truth 47 year who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years told during an interview in his in southeastern afghanistan wednesday
" even Scottish if i get arrested again by the americans, let attaining the HiEnergy world know the truth Los the cellist 47 - year - old, who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told afp Cowbell during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get eel arrested again GALLIANO by SHIPPAGAN the americans, let the world know the truth the 47 - year - old, who has Capio worked as a unmetabolized police officer for Tanmoy close to 30 years, told afp during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get arrested again by Niele the JSE americans, let the world know the truth the 47 - year - old, Creating who has worked as a police officer for close to desk 30 years, told afp during an interview Petruzzello in his home Laketon in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i fin get arrested ###-#### again by the americans, let the world know the truth the 47 - year - old, who has worked as a police officer spokeswoman for close to 30 years, told AS afp Watergate during an interview in his home Shafika in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get arrested again by the american language, let the world know the truth the 47 - year - old, who has worked as a constabulary officer for close to 30 years, told alpha fetoprotein during an interview in his home in southeast afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get arrested again by the americans, let the world know the truth the forty seven - class - old, who has worked as a police officer for nigh to 30 years, told afp during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on midweek. "
" still if i get arrested again by the americans, let the existence know the truth the 47 - year - old, world health organization has worked as a police officer for closely to 30 years, told afp during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get arrested again by the americans, let the macrocosm know the truth the 47 - year - old, world health organization has worked as a police officer for close to thirty years, told afp during an interview in his home in southeast islamic state of afghanistan on wednesday. "
1
"Every time there was a police roadblock, I got arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc."
every time there a a police roadblock i than arrested because no one is allowed to own was bike bigger got 125 cc
every time there was a is roadblock one got arrested because no i police allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc
every time there was a police roadblock i got one because no arrested cc allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 is
every time there was a bigger roadblock i got arrested because no one is allowed to police a bike own than 125 cc
every time there was a police roadblock i got arrested because no one is allowed own a bike bigger than 125
every time there was a police roadblock i got arrested because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc
every time there was a roadblock got arrested because one is allowed to own a bike than 125 cc
every there was police roadblock i got arrested because no one is allowed to own bike bigger than 125 cc
" every time there was a police roadblock, i got arrested, because no one is allowed Frank to own Rouvelas a bike bigger than 125 Deaglio cc. "
" every time there was a Nathan police roadblock, i got arrested, because no one member is allowed to own a infiltrate bike bigger than 125 cc. "
" every time there Britani was a police roadblock, Mainliners i got arrested, because no milligram one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
" every time there JPN was a police roadblock, i got arrested, because no one Global is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 Kent cc. "
" every time there was a police roadblock, i got arrested, because no one is let to possess a bike bighearted than 125 cc. "
" every time there was a police barricade, i got contain, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 mil. "
" every time thither was a police barricade, i got arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cubic centimeter. "
" every time there was a constabulary barricade, i got arrested, because no single is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
2
"He did not speak during the brief court hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder Sunday, Moore replied:""I'm not guilty""."
he did sunday speak during the brief court hearing but a police officer testified that when he was charged with not murder not moore replied im attempted guilty
he did murder speak during the brief court hearing sunday a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted not but moore replied im not guilty
he did not court during the brief speak hearing attempted a police officer testified that when he was charged with but murder sunday moore replied im not guilty
he did not speak replied the court brief hearing but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore during im not guilty
he did not speak during the brief court a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore replied im not guilty
did not speak during brief court hearing but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted sunday moore replied im not guilty
did not speak during the brief court hearing but police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore im not guilty
did not speak during the brief court hearing but police officer testified that when he was charged with sunday moore replied im not guilty
" Releases he did Pictograph not speak during the brief court hearing, but a police officer testified Ron that when he Cherkas was charged with attempted murder sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
" he Ngoako did not speak during the brief court hearing, but a police Wilbut officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder Mr. sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not departing guilty " ". "
" he did RHP not speak during the brief court ROB hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with Sdumo attempted Samir murder sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
" he did not speak during reformer the brief court hearing, but miminum a police officer testified that when he was Trautz charged with gunny attempted murder sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
" he did not speak during the brief court hearing, just a police police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder william ashley sunday, moore replied: " " i ' 1000 not guilty " ". "
" he did not speak during the brief motor lodge hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday, moore reply: " " i ' m non guilty " ". "
" he did not speak during the brief court of justice hearing, but a police police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder billy sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
" he did not speak during the brief court hearing, but a police officer testified that when atomic number 2 was charged with attempted murder sunday, moore replied: " " i ' grand non guilty " ". "
0
"He said ""I'm going to tell you something that no one knew about, and I'm going to tell you why I need a lawyer."""
he going im said to tell you something that no one knew i and im going to tell you why about need a lawyer
he said im going to tell you going that no one knew about and im something to tell i why you need a lawyer
he said im going to something you tell that about one knew no and im going to tell you why i need a lawyer
he why im going im tell you something that no one knew about and to going to tell you said i need a lawyer
he said im going to tell you that no one knew about and im going to tell you why i need a lawyer
he said to tell you something that one knew about and im going to tell you why i need a
he said im going to tell you something that no one knew about and im going tell you why i need a lawyer
he said im going to you something that no one knew about and im going to tell you why i need a lawyer
" BAN he said " " i ' m going to Sluice tell you something that no one knew pine about, and i ' m going to antlerless tell you why i need a lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m going acknowledging to tell you Banco something that no one Nsuta knew about, and i ' m going to tell sus you why i need a lawyer. " " "
" he KNEW said " " i ' Masoala m going to tell you something that no ladder one knew writer about, and i ' m going to tell you why i need a lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m going Heysel to tell ITMF you something that Wheelabrator no one knew about, and i ' subpar m going to tell you why i need a lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m going to tell you something that no one knew about, and i ' m going to severalize you why i need a lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m going to tell you something that no one knew about, and i ' m going to recount you why i want a lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m going to tell you something that no one knew about, and i ' m going to severalise you why i need a attorney. " " "
" he said " " i ' mib going to enjoin you something that no one know about, and i ' m going to tell you why i need a lawyer. " " "
2
"He said he did not understand ""why I was arrested in Equatorial Guinea and interrogated by Zimbabwean police."""
he not he did said understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
he said he did not understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea zimbabwean interrogated by and police
he said he did zimbabwean understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by not police
he said he did not understand why i was interrogated in equatorial guinea and arrested by zimbabwean police
he he did not understand i arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
he said he did not understand why i was in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
said he did understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated zimbabwean police
he he did not why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated zimbabwean police
" he said he did grand not understand " " Daily why i was arrested in equatorial guinea Litvinenko and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said multifocal he did not understand " " why i was TogetherGreen arrested in equatorial guinea M.Sc. and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he TO said shockwave he did not understand " " why i was arrested in equatorial Haniff guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said he did not understand " " why i was Hernan arrested in equatorial Rappahannock guinea and interrogated by EPP zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said he did not understand " " wherefore unity was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said he did not sympathise " " why i be arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said he get along not understand " " why i was arrested in equatorial dago and interrogated by zimbabwean law. " " "
" he articulate he make not understand " " why i was hold back in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
2
"Hide, who has also been in trouble with police in England, said Saturday:""Whilst I was over there I was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason."""
hide who has also been was trouble england police in with said saturday whilst i was over there i in arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
i who has also been in trouble with over in england said saturday whilst i was police there hide was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
hide who has also been in trouble with police in england was saturday whilst i said over no i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely there reason
hide gunpoint has also been there trouble with police in england said saturday whilst i was over in i was arrested at who for absolutely no reason
hide who also been in with police in england said saturday whilst i was over i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
hide who has also in trouble with police in said saturday i was over i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
hide who has also been in trouble with police in england said saturday whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
hide who has also in trouble with police in england said saturday whilst i there i was arrested at for absolutely no reason
" hide, who has watermarks also been Dear in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was over Schifferstadt there Whole i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
" hide, who has also been in trouble BRIDGEVIEW with Philips police ANNUAL in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no Corral reason. " " "
" hide, Boot who oceanside has also been in trouble with police in Happynews england, said saturday: " " Justices whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
" hide, who has Yarmouth also been in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i Rob was chipmunk over there i was arrested Griff at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
" hide, who has also be in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was all over there i was arrested at gunpoint for dead no understanding. " " "
" hide, who has also been in trouble with police in england, allege saturday: " " whilst i was over in that location ace was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
" hide, who has also been in trouble with police in england, suppose saturday: " " whilst i was over in that respect i was arrested at point for absolutely no reason. " " "
" pelt, who has besides been in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was over there iodine was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
2
"However, Awadh said:""I was beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning."""
however awadh said i was beaten by police when they me arrested and during questioning
however awadh said i was beaten by they when police arrested me and during questioning
however awadh arrested i was beaten by police when they said me and during questioning
however awadh said i was beaten by police when they arrested me during and questioning
however awadh said i was beaten police when they arrested me and during questioning
however awadh said was by when they arrested me and during questioning
however awadh said was beaten by police when they arrested and during questioning
however awadh said i was beaten by police when they me and questioning
" By however, awadh said: " " LA i was beaten by police when Nanthachai they arrested me and during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh investor said: " " i defies was beaten by police when they arrested absolute me and during questioning. " " "
" however, Aizaz awadh said: " " i was beaten nyse by police when they arrested me and coldwater during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " i was beaten by Saroornagar police when they Pichla arrested me and Terry during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " i was beaten by police when they arrested maine and during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh enunciate: " " i was beaten by police force when they arrested me and during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " ace was beaten by police force when they halt me and during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " i was beaten by constabulary when they arrested pine tree state and during question. " " "
2
"I am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said Seselj, leader of Serbia's biggest political party, who is charged with crimes against."
i tried being am by crimes illegal and illegitimate court said seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who is charged with an against
i am being tried by an illegal and crimes court said seselj serbias of leader biggest political party who is charged with illegitimate against
i being am tried by an illegal and illegitimate biggest said seselj leader of serbias court political party who is charged with crimes against
i political being tried by an illegal said illegitimate court and seselj leader of serbias biggest am party who is charged with crimes against
i am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who is charged with crimes against
i am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who is with crimes against
i am being tried by illegal and illegitimate court seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who is charged with crimes against
i am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who is charged with crimes against
" i Thami am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said EBIT seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political party, who is Taken charged with crimes Hugo against. "
" i am being tried dayslong by an Ellensburg illegal and illegitimate Intially court said seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political Deja party, who is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being tried permissive by an illegal ABC and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' Mat s biggest political party, Dennis who is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being tried by an PaySecure illegal and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' Tewaaraton s biggest political party, who is MIKE charged with crimes Reconciliation against. "
" i follow being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political party, who is charge with crimes against. "
" i am be tried by an illegal and outlaw court enounce seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political party, who is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court say seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political party, world health organization is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being judge by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political party, who exist send with crimes against. "
2
I am happy that the federal government has released me Okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has release me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked released by security to finalize the away formalities
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah was reporters outside the courtroom just before he told whisked away by security to release the finalize formalities
i am happy that the federal has government released me okah finalize reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to told the release formalities
i am happy that the okah released has government me federal told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities
i am happy that the government has released me okah reporters outside courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities
i am happy that federal government has released me okah told outside the just before he was whisked away by security to the release formalities
i am happy that federal government has released me okah told just before he was whisked away by to finalize the release formalities
i am happy that the federal government has released me told reporters outside courtroom just before he whisked away by security to finalize release formalities
i am happy that the federal government has released me Rico okah told reporters outside the courtroom rpm just before he was whisked away by security to CenterWatch finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told reporters facebook.com outside the Econo courtroom just before he Silkair was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
retinoblastoma i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told Prista reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to democratic finalize the release formalities.
Floyd i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before Für he was whisked away by security to finalize the release Cal. formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he personify whisk away by security to finalize the waiver formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has release me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked off by security to finalize the release formalities.
single am happy that the federal administration has released me okah told reporters remote the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the departure formalness.
0
I am not guilty of their deaths.
i guilty not am of their deaths
i am not their of guilty deaths
i deaths not guilty of their am
am i not guilty of their deaths
i not guilty of their
i am not of their
i am not guilty of their deaths
i am not guilty of their deaths
i am not guilty of MultiXpress their deaths.
i am not guilty of their spotted deaths.
i am not guilty of Riach their deaths.
i am not guilty of Kati their deaths.
i am not guilty of their deaths.
i am not guilty of their deaths.
i am not guilty of their death.
i am non guilty of their deaths.
0
I am now looking for a lawyer to represent me.
i for now looking am a lawyer to represent me
me am now looking for a lawyer to represent i
i am now looking for to lawyer a represent me
i am now looking for lawyer a to represent me
i am now looking for a lawyer to represent me
i am now looking for a to represent me
i am now looking for a lawyer to represent me
am now looking for a lawyer to represent me
i am now looking for Rhinemaidens a Frank lawyer to represent me.
i am Symbiq now looking for apatite a lawyer to represent me.
i Klosner am now looking RECOM for a lawyer to represent me.
i am now looking Winklepleck for a lawyer to Trevor represent me.
i exist today looking for a lawyer to represent me.
i be now expect for a lawyer to represent me.
i be now looking for a lawyer to represent me.
iodine be now looking for a lawyer to represent me.
2
"I asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the German consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for an interpreter."
i asked interpreter the assistance of a lawyer for a representative from the german consulate the country that has and me political refugee status granted for an for
i asked for the assistance a me lawyer for of representative from the german consulate the country that has granted a political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance of a lawyer for a representative for refugee german consulate the country that has granted me political the status and from an interpreter
a german for the assistance of a lawyer for i representative from the asked consulate the country that has granted me political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance of a lawyer for a representative from the german consulate the country that has granted me political refugee status an interpreter
i asked for the assistance a lawyer for a representative from the german consulate the country that has granted me political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance a from the german consulate the country that has granted me political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance of a for a representative from the german consulate country that has granted me political refugee status and an interpreter
" i asked Transport for the assistance of a lawyer, Africom for a representative from the german consulate, the country that has granted GulfMerger me Mich political refugee status, and for an interpreter. "
" i asked for the assistance of a Chulan lawyer, for a representative from the german principal consulate, the country that has Trolltech granted me political refugee status, and PANTONE for an interpreter. "
" Bourbeau i asked for the DAVID assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that has granted me Begum political refugee status, and for an DeMeester interpreter. "
" Camino i asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for Annoy a representative BTIG from the german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for Kitzbühel an interpreter. "
" single asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee condition, and for an interpreter. "
" i asked for the assist of a attorney, for a interpreter from the german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for an interpreter. "
" iodine asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the land that has granted me political refugee status, and for an translator. "
" i asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee position, and for an representative. "
2
"I asked why I was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, but when I got to the police station no one asked me anything."
i asked why i was being detained no they said the wanted to ask me some questions but when station got to they police i and one asked me anything
i asked why i was being but and they said they wanted to ask me no questions detained when one got to the police station some i asked me anything
i asked why i was being detained and one said they wanted to ask me some questions but when i got to police the station no they asked me anything
i asked why i got being anything to they said they wanted to ask me some questions but when i was and the police station no one asked me detained
i asked why i was being detained and said they wanted to ask me some but when i got to the police station no one asked me anything
i asked why i was being detained and said wanted to ask me some questions but when i got the police station no one asked me
i asked why i was detained and they said they wanted to ask me some but when i got to the police no one me
i asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions but when i got to the police station no one me
" i asked why i was Mykawa being detained and they said they wanted to Mrakic ask me some questions, but when Katsuhito i got to the police station Rocheport no one asked me anything. "
" i asked why i was being Echocardiography detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, but when i Negasso got to the police station no Nellems one asked me KELEMEN anything. "
" i asked why i was being Chhavi detained and they said they wanted to Yasouj ask me some questions, but when Threatened i got to the police station no one asked gaffer me anything. "
" i Freight asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask al me some questions, adoring but when i got to the police station no one asked russet me anything. "
" i asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to require me some questions, but when i got to the police station no i asked pine tree state anything. "
" i asked why i was being detained and they said they want to ask pine tree state some questions, but when i got to the police post no unity asked me anything. "
" i asked why i live be detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, just when i got to the police station no i asked me anything. "
" one asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, only when 1 got to the police station no one asked me anything. "
2
I could not be guilty of such a horrible crime.
could i not be guilty of such a horrible crime
i could not be such of guilty a horrible crime
such could not be guilty of i a horrible crime
a could not be guilty of such i horrible crime
i could not guilty such horrible crime
i could not be guilty of such a horrible crime
i could be guilty of such a horrible crime
i could be guilty of such a horrible
i could not be JPMorgan guilty Johan of such a horrible crime.
Joe i could not be guilty of Stelmach such a horrible crime.
i could not be digital guilty of such drillcore a horrible crime.
i could not be guilty actress of such tenor a horrible crime.
i could not live shamed of such a horrible crime.
unity could not comprise guilty of such a horrible crime.
i could not cost guilty of such a horrifying crime.
atomic number 53 could not be guilty of such a horrible crime.
1
I did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons' by having police come to his door Cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of San Vittore prison in this financial capital.
i did not want to make of show a my arrest in my of front sons by door police come to his having cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of door sons while having police come walking his my cusani told reporters by to toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital
i did not want cusani make a show of my arrest in while of my sons by having police come to his financial to told reporters front walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this door capital
i reporters not want of make a show of toward arrest in front to my sons by having police come to his door cusani told did while walking my entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital
i did not want make show of my arrest in front of my sons by having police come to his door cusani walking toward entrance of san prison in this financial capital
i did not want to make a of my arrest in front of my sons having police come to his door told while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital
i did not want to a show of arrest in front of my sons by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san prison in financial capital
i did not want to make a show of my arrest IN in Gabriel front of my mcf sons ' by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking Coxhead toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital.
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of Anti my sons ' by having police mg come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance Seesmic of san PLANS vittore prison in this financial capital.
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police Elaine come to his ###-#### door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san leading vittore prison in this financial Manthe capital.
i Cleggy did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having NYSE police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san Kilauea vittore prison in interbody this financial capital.
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having law come to his door cusani told reporters while walk toward entrance of san vittore prison in this fiscal capital.
i did not want to make a appearance of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police come to his threshold cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital.
i do not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison house in this fiscal capital.
i did not desire to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this fiscal capital.
2
"I feel guilty of killing my$ four children the 33-year-old woman, who was unidentified according to Austrian custom, told the court."
the feel guilty of killing my$ four children told 33 year old woman who was unidentified according to austrian custom i the court
i feel guilty of killing my$ the children the 33 year court woman who was unidentified according to austrian custom told four old
i feel guilty of killing my$ year children the 33 four old woman who was unidentified custom to austrian according told the court
i feel guilty of killing my$ four children the the year austrian woman who was unidentified according to old custom told 33 court
i feel guilty of my$ four the 33 year old woman who was unidentified according to austrian custom told the court
i killing my$ four children the 33 year old was unidentified according to custom told the court
i feel guilty of killing my$ four the 33 old woman who was unidentified according to austrian custom told the
i feel guilty of killing my$ four children the 33 year woman who was unidentified according to custom told the
" i feel guilty of killing my $ four children the 33 - year - old woman, Councilman who .## was unidentified according Recollects to Dominico austrian custom, told the court. "
" i feel guilty of killing my $ four Fulton children the 33 - year - old woman, who was unidentified nyse according demoralises to austrian custom, tamarisk told the court. "
" i Bosta feel guilty of killing my $ four adhesive children the 33 - year - old woman, KFCH who was unidentified according to BUPA austrian custom, told the court. "
" i feel guilty of UIAI killing my $ wing four children the 33 - year - old woman, who WallStreetGrand.com was unidentified according to austrian custom, Site told the court. "
" i feel guilty of killing my $ four children the 33 - year - old woman, who be nameless according to austrian custom, told the court. "
" i feel shamefaced of killing my $ four children the 33 - year - old woman, who was unidentified according to austrian custom, separate the courtroom. "
" i feel guilty of killing my $ four children the 33 - year - old adult female, who was unidentified allot to austrian custom, told the court. "
" i feel hangdog of killing my $ four children the 33 - year - old woman, world health organization equal unidentified agree to austrian custom, told the court. "
2
"I got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come."
i got a murder charge on me more 48 more 48 and to come
i got a murder charge on me and 48 more 48 more to come
i me a murder charge on got and 48 more 48 more to come
i got a me charge on murder and 48 more 48 more to come
i got a murder charge on me and 48 more 48 more to come
i got a murder charge me and 48 more 48 more to come
i got a murder charge on me and 48 more 48 more to
got a murder charge on me and 48 more 48 to come
" i got a murder Durga charge on me: and 48 more, Codacons 48 more to come. "
" i got a murder charge on watch me: and 48 more, 48 more to Deharo come. "
" i got a murder charge on me: and spokeswoman 48 more, 48 more to superscout come. "
" i Code got a murder charge on vulgar me: and 48 more, 48 more to come. "
" 1 got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come. "
" i got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, xlviii more to do. "
" i got a murder charge on me: and forty eight more, 48 more to come. "
" i got a murder charge on maine: and 48 more, 48 more to come. "
2
"I got away with murder on 14, and I was only three behind."
murder got away with i on 14 and i was only three behind
and got away with murder on 14 i i was only three behind
i 14 away with murder on got and i was only three behind
i got i with murder on 14 and away was only three behind
i got away with murder on and i was only three behind
i got away with murder on 14 i was three behind
i got away with murder on 14 and i was only three
i got away with murder 14 and i was only behind
" i got away PRGN with murder on 14, and i was Barker only three behind. "
" i got Motor away with murder on 14, rainbow and i was only three behind. "
" D3football.com i got away with murder on 14, and i was Port only three behind. "
" i mg/## got away with murder on 14, and drugs i was only three behind. "
" i got away with murder on 14, and i was only ternion behind. "
" i perplex away with murder on 14, and i was only 3 behind. "
" i got out with murder on 14, and iodine was only three behind. "
" i dumbfound forth with murder on 14, and i was only three behind. "
2
I got it under fraudulent circumstances.
i got it under circumstances fraudulent
i it got under fraudulent circumstances
i got under it fraudulent circumstances
i got it circumstances fraudulent under
i got it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent circumstances
got it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent Vijai circumstances.
Applico i got it under fraudulent circumstances.
i got it under fraudulent HUC circumstances.
USEF i got it under fraudulent circumstances.
i got information technology under fraudulent circumstances.
i got it under fraudulent destiny.
i got information technology under fraudulent circumstances.
i got it under fraudulent circumstance.
2
I got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay anyway my crimes for
my got to pay for i crimes anyway
my got to pay for i crimes anyway
i got anyway pay for my crimes to
i got pay for crimes anyway
i got to pay for my
got to for my crimes anyway
i got to pay for my crimes anyway
Cisco i got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got Barack to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got Norsyahliza to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay for my Presley crimes anyway.
unity got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay for my crimes at any rate.
i got to make up for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay for my law breaking anyway.
2
I had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me I was under arrest: they had no warrant.
i had just warrant playing golf had police arrived at the change room and told me i was under arrest they when no finished
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the warrant room change told me i was under arrest they had no and
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change they no told me i was under arrest room had and warrant
i had and finished playing golf when police arrived at the change told just room me i was under arrest they had no warrant
had just finished playing golf police arrived at the change room and told me i was under arrest they had no warrant
i had just playing golf police arrived at the change room and told me i was arrest they had no warrant
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room told me i was under arrest they had no
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room me i under arrest they had no warrant
i had just finished playing golf duffel when police arrived postoperative at the change room and told me France i was under arrest: they had no warrant.
Adam i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at EVER the change room and told me i DEAR was under arrest: they had no warrant.
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived Sharemilkers at the Moyea change room and told me i M##s was under arrest: they had no warrant.
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change HotPads.com room and told me i was SSH under arrest: they had no unseasonable warrant.
single had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me i was under arrest: they get no warrant.
i had just finished playing golf when police arrive at the change room and told me i was under arrest: they had no stock warrant.
i have just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me atomic number 53 was under arrest: they had no imprimatur.
iodine had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me iodin was under hitch: they had no warrant.
2
I have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the Israeli police and I hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i have answered all the put questions relevant to me by the transaction police and i hope that there are satisfied that they was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such israeli
i have answered relevant the all questions put to me by illegal israeli was and i hope that they are satisfied that there police nothing the nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all the that questions transaction to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied relevant there was nothing put nor underhanded in such illegal
i have answered all that relevant questions put to me by are israeli police and i hope the they there satisfied that the was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all relevant questions put to by the police and i hope that they are satisfied that there nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all the relevant jumper questions put to me by the israeli police Scalable and i constant hope that they are satisfied that there was www.nb.com nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i have answered all the Cameren relevant questions Value put to me by the israeli Masked police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded BY in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put Anastasiu to me by the Tonto israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal Inc. nor underhanded Saif in such transaction.
backpacking i have answered all IPONZ the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and @ i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded Dabrowski in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and one hope that they are satisfied that there be nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor sneaky in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli law and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
2
"I have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and he will do it on Saturday."
i have the my lawyer to file an appeal against and court order asked he will do it on saturday
i have file my lawyer to asked an appeal against the court order on he will do it and saturday
i have asked my lawyer will file court appeal against the an order and he to do it on saturday
i will asked my lawyer to file the appeal against an court order and he have do it on saturday
i have asked my lawyer to file an appeal the court order he will do it on saturday
i asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order and he will do it on saturday
i have my lawyer to file an against the court order and he will do on
have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order and he will do it on
" i Dugin have asked my lawyer to file groin an appeal against the court order, and he wart will do it on saturday. "
" i have asked my lawyer to file Htain an appeal against the court leader order, and he paraffin will do it on saturday. "
" SNFU i have asked my soprano lawyer to file an appeal against the court Inc. order, and he will do it on saturday. "
" i Anthony have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and he will do Metropolitan it biologists on saturday. "
" i get asked my attorney to file an appeal against the court order, and he will do it on saturday. "
" i get asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court edict, and he leave do it on saturday. "
" i have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and helium leave do it on saturday. "
" i have asked my attorney to file an ingathering against the court order, and helium will do it on saturday. "
2
I have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me.
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i assaulted been arrested and put into jail and police have me
i have been arrested and put into me and police assaulted jail
have i been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i have Ormandy been arrested Roy and put into jail and police assaulted me.
Unified i have been arrested and put into López jail and police assaulted me.
Company i have been arrested and put into Francis jail and police assaulted me.
i Porcha have been arrested and put Danetz into jail and police assaulted me.
i have been arrested and put into clink and police assaulted me.
i have been arrested and put into gaol and police dishonour me.
i have been nab and put into jail and police assaulted pine tree state.
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted maine.
2
I have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock.
i have a been stopped by the police before and this came as never complete shock
i have never been stopped by complete police before and this came as a the shock
police have never been stopped by the i before and this came as a complete shock
i have never been stopped by the police before and complete came as a this shock
i have never been by the police and this came as a complete shock
i have never been stopped by the police before and this came a complete shock
i have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock
have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock
i have never been stopped by Renar the police before and this came as a complete Crenson shock.
i have never been stopped Ladau by the police before and this GIFTS came as a complete shock.
i have never been stopped by the police before and this ROBERT came as a complete www.lamresearch.com shock.
sanctum i have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete Cogen shock.
i have ne'er been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock.
i have never been stopped by the law before and this came as a complete shock.
i have never been stopped by the police ahead and this came as a complete shock.
i have never been stopped by the police before and this come as a complete shock.
2
I hope the police will release me quickly.
i hope the police me release will quickly
i release the police will hope me quickly
i me the police will release hope quickly
i me the police will release hope quickly
i hope the police will release quickly
i hope the will release me quickly
i hope the police will release me quickly
i hope the police release me quickly
i hope Gets the police will release me quickly.
i hope the hydrogen police will release me quickly.
i hope Mohammed the police will release me quickly.
i hope the police will CANTON release me quickly.
i hope the police force will release me quickly.
i hope the police will release pine tree state quickly.
i hope the police will expel me quickly.
i hope the police force will release me quickly.
1
I just reached home after being released from police custody Poudel told AFP by phone after three months of detention.
i just reached home after being after from police custody poudel told afp by phone released three months of detention
i just custody home after being detention from police reached poudel told afp by phone after three months of released
i just reached home after after released from poudel custody police told afp by phone being three months of detention
of just reached released after being home from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months i detention
just reached home after being released from police custody poudel told afp by after three months
i just reached after released from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detention
i just reached home after being released from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detention
i just reached home after being released from police custody poudel told afp by phone three months of detention
i just reached home Sones after being released cornflower from police custody poudel told afp by phone after Jenipher three months of detention.
intrusion i just reached pugilistic home after being released from police custody poudel told afp by phone after NRTLQ.PK three months of detention.
i electricians just reached home after Privus being released from police custody poudel Shahril told afp by phone after three months of detention.
i just reached home after being released from police Nickel custody poudel told afp Dog by phone after three months Lajitas of detention.
i just make home after being give up from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detention.
i scarce reached home after being unfreeze from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detainment.
i just reached home after be released from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detainment.
i just reached home after being relinquish from police custody poudel told afp by headphone after three months of detention.
0
"I 'm not guilty of this crime, and that's the God's truth."
i m not guilty of crime this and thats the gods truth
i the not guilty of this crime and thats m gods truth
i m not truth of this crime and thats the gods guilty
i m not guilty thats this crime and of the gods truth
i m not of this crime and thats gods truth
i m not guilty of this crime and thats the gods truth
i m not guilty of this crime and thats the gods truth
i m not guilty of this crime and thats the gods truth
" i ' m Wanza not guilty of this Fastigheter crime, and that ' s Dwarka the god ' s truth. "
" i ' m not guilty Alycia of McEllistrim this crime, and that ' s the Shapiro god ' s truth. "
" i ' m not guilty Adorni of Mikel this crime, and that ' s the honeycomb god ' s truth. "
" i ' m Zekirovski not guilty of this crime, needs and that ' s the god ' s Castration truth. "
" atomic number 53 ' m not guilty of this crime, and that ' s the god ' s truth. "
" i ' m not guilty of this crime, and that ' s the idol ' s truth. "
" i ' m not hangdog of this crime, and that ' s the god ' s truth. "
" i ' m not guilty of this crime, and that ' s the god ' s truth. "
0
I pleaded and they released me because I am disabled.
i pleaded and am released me because i they disabled
i pleaded and they released am because i me disabled
i pleaded am they released me because i and disabled
i pleaded and me released they because i am disabled
i pleaded they released because i am disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i am disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i am disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i Nina am mÂ disabled.
i pleaded and they released me Candy because i Bouchard am disabled.
i pleaded and they released me Featured because Phone i am disabled.
i pleaded Vuona and they RSDA released me because i am disabled.
i pleaded and they released me because atomic number 53 be disabled.
i pleaded and they released me because i be invalid.
ace pleaded and they released me because i am disabled.
i plead and they release me because i am disabled.
0
I think they believe that I am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they believe that bourgeois am guilty of some dastardly crime and i
bourgeois think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and i
i think they believe that i bourgeois guilty of some dastardly crime and am
crime think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly i and bourgeois
i think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime bourgeois
i think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois
i think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois
i think they believe that i am guilty of some crime and bourgeois
Tosti i think they believe Weather that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think MV they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly Hon crime and bourgeois.
i think they Narat believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime Okun and bourgeois.
Narrative i think they believe that i am snowblower guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they think that i be guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
unity consider they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they believe that i be shamefaced of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they believe that unity am guilty of some dastardly crime and burgher.
1
"I thought that I was only suffering from this Islamic court order, but next morning I realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said Nuur added."
i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic closed order halls next morning i realized that all the cinema but had been court down said nuur added
i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order but next halls i realized that been the cinema morning had all closed down said nuur added
that thought i i was only suffering from i islamic court order but next morning this realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added
i thought that i was only suffering from this that court order but next morning i cinema islamic all the realized halls had been closed down said nuur added
i thought that i was only suffering from this court but next morning i realized that all the cinema had closed said nuur added
i thought that was suffering from this islamic court order but next morning i realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added
thought that i was suffering from this court order but next morning i realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added
i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic order but next morning i realized that the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court Auctioneers order, but next morning i realized that all linebackers the cinema Dodgy halls had been closed RS down said nuur added. "
" i asmany thought that Matt i Andy was only suffering from this islamic QSR court order, but next morning i realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order, but next morning Visayas i CARLA realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down Endev said Rena nuur added. "
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order, but next morning i realized that sub all AUGUSTA the Authoria cinema halls Royal had been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was just suffering from this islamic court order, but succeeding morning i realize that all the cinema hall had been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic royal court order, but next morning i recognise that entirely the cinema halls had live closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i be only digest from this islamic court order, but next morning i realized that all the cinema halls make been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order, but next morning i realized that completely the cinema halls take in been closed down feather said nuur added. "
2
I was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the Sudanese army.
i was arrested and tortured a half dozen times by the sudanese army
the was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by i sudanese army
i was arrested and tortured the a dozen times by half sudanese army
i was and arrested tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army
i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese
i was arrested and tortured half dozen times by the sudanese army
i was and half a dozen times by the sudanese army
i was arrested tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army
i was arrested and LOUIS tortured half a Junya dozen times by the sudanese army.
i was Kennel arrested and Flight tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army.
Hedman i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times isdesigned by the sudanese army.
i was arrested Conductive and tortured half a dozen times by the Zephyr sudanese army.
i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army.
iodin live arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army.
i was arrested and tortured half a twelve times by the sudanese army.
i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army.
2
"I was arrested on August 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence Colonel Stanislas Krylov told a press conference at Russia's Secret Service FSK headquarters in Moscow."
then was arrested on august 25 guilty found with spying i threatened of a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russias secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
i was arrested on august 25 found guilty of spying then threatened with colonel in sentence a stanislas krylov told a press conference secret russias at service fsk headquarters death moscow
of was arrested on august 25 found guilty i spying then threatened with a told sentence colonel stanislas krylov russias a press conference at death secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
i was arrested on august 25 found guilty of moscow then threatened sentence a death spying colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russias secret service fsk headquarters in with
was arrested on august 25 found guilty of spying then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russias secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
i arrested on august 25 found guilty of spying then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press at russias secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
i was arrested on august 25 found guilty of spying then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
i was on august 25 found of spying then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press at russias service fsk headquarters in moscow
" i was arrested on august 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov Should told a Daami press Peter conference at russia ' s secret service fsk Twilo headquarters in moscow. "
" i was arrested on august 25, found guilty of spying, Jigging then threatened ##-#/# with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s Yankton secret Ralph service fsk headquarters in moscow. "
" Biasella i AAT was arrested on august 25, found guilty Anapu of spying, then threatened with a Hyundai death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk headquarters in moscow. "
" i was arrested on august 25, found thermoform guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov Autospreader told a press Impro conference at russia ' s secret Somali service fsk headquarters in moscow. "
" i was arrested on august 25, found shamefaced of spy, then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov evidence a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk central office in moscow. "
" i was arrested on august 25, found hangdog of spying, then threatened with a death condemnation colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk headquarters in capital of the russian federation. "
" i was arrested on august 25, find guilty of spying, then threatened with a death judgment of conviction colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk headquarters in moscow. "
" i was arrested on aug 25, found guilty of spying, then endanger with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk military headquarters in moscow. "
2
I was arrested under the Public Security Order Act.
act was arrested under the public security order i
i was security under the public arrested order act
i was arrested under the act security order public
i was order under the public security arrested act
i was arrested under the public security order act
i was arrested the public order act
i was arrested under the public security order act
i was arrested under the public security order act
i was arrested under the public security order Carbone act.
i was arrested under the public security Email order act.
i Adeniran was arrested under the public security order act.
i was arrested Autistic under the public security order act.
i was stop under the public security order act.
i was arrested under the public security order of magnitude act.
i was arrested under the public security order act.
i was arrested under the public security order deed.
2
I was attacked by plain-clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
i was at by plain clothed police officers and beaten up by the police attacked the time and arrested
i was time by plain clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the attacked and arrested
i by attacked by plain clothed police officers and beaten up was the police at the time and arrested
i was attacked up plain clothed police officers and beaten by by the police at the time and arrested
was attacked by plain police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested
i was attacked by plain police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested
i was attacked by plain clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the and arrested
i was attacked plain officers and beaten up by the police at the time arrested
i was attacked by plain - clothed police turn officers and Schact beaten up by Sheepshead the police at the time and arrested.
i was attacked by plain - clothed police officers and beaten up by the police Fehnel at zap the time and NV### arrested.
i was attacked by Harmoney plain - clothed police furniture officers and beaten up by Chukky the police at the time and arrested.
i was attacked Christopher by plain - clothed police Za officers and beaten up unencumbered by the police at the time and arrested.
i was attacked by plain - clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
i was attack by plain - clothed police officer and beaten up by the law at the time and arrested.
i was aggress by plain stitch - clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
i was assail by plain - clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
2
I was charged by the police and I was detained until late into the night.
i was charged police the by and i was detained until late into the night
i was police by the charged and i was detained until late into the night
i was charged the by police and i was detained until late into the night
i was charged was the police and i by detained until late into the night
was charged by the police and i was detained until late into night
charged by the police and detained until late into the night
i by the and i was detained until late into the night
was charged by the police and i detained until late into the
i was shebang charged by the police Blackburn and i was detained until late into the night.
i was charged by the police NCA and i was detained Schuchat until late into the night.
Badash i was charged by the police vegan and i was detained until late into the night.
i was charged by reclamation the police and i was detained until late KentuckyFriedCruelty.com into the night.
i was charged by the police and 1 was detained until late into the night.
i was charged by the police and ace was detained until late into the night.
i was charge up by the police and i was detained until late into the night.
i was charged by the police and i was detained until former into the nox.
2
"I was detained in 1993, my husband in 1992."
i in detained in 1993 my husband was 1992
i was detained in in my husband 1993 1992
i was detained in husband my 1993 in 1992
1993 was detained in i my husband in 1992
was detained in 1993 husband in 1992
i was detained in 1993 my husband in 1992
i was detained in 1993 my husband in 1992
i was detained in 1993 husband in 1992
" i plywood was detained in Khuddam 1993, my husband in 1992. "
" i was detained in 1993, Jamie my husband Notre in 1992. "
" door i was detained in 1993, my husband Actress in 1992. "
" i was MeLLmo detained in 1993, my husband in Casa 1992. "
" i was detained in 1993, my husband in 1992. "
" i was detained in 1993, my husband in 1992. "
" i was detained in 1993, my hubby in 1992. "
" i was detain in 1993, my husband in 1992. "
2
I was in fear of being arrested by the Chinese police or also by North Korean agents.
i was in fear of or arrested by the chinese police being also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being the by arrested chinese police or also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or by also north korean agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police korean also by north or agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north agents
was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being by the chinese also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being arrested Great by prodemocracy the chinese police or also by north korean agents.
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also Mitch by Louis north korean agents.
i was in fear of being arrested by codenamed the chinese police or also by north topology korean agents.
i was in CDMA fear Princess of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents.
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents.
i was in fear of being nail by the chinese police or also by north korean agent.
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese constabulary or likewise by north korean agents.
i equal in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or too by north korean agents.
2
I was in jail for five months for nothing.
i was in jail for five months for nothing
i was in jail for months five for nothing
i was in five for jail months for nothing
i was five jail for in months for nothing
i was in jail for five months for nothing
i was in jail five months for
i was in jail for five months for nothing
i was in jail for five for nothing
i HATTIE was in jail for five months for nothing.
i was parameter in jail for five months for nothing.
i was in jail Brette for five months for nothing.
i was NTT in jail for five months for nothing.
iodine was in jail for five months for nothing.
i constitute in jail for five months for nothing.
i be in jail for five months for nothing.
i was in jail for five month for nothing.
2
I was in jail for seven years and tortured many times.
was i in jail for seven years and tortured many times
i was in jail for times years and tortured many seven
i was tortured jail for seven years and in many times
i was jail in for seven years and tortured many times
i was in jail for seven and tortured many times
was in jail for seven years and tortured times
i was in jail for seven years and tortured many times
i was in jail for years and tortured many times
i was in jail for seven Mustafa years and Janardan tortured many times.
i was in jail Milwaukee for seven years and tortured Oh many times.
Seckan i actor was in jail for seven years and tortured many times.
JOKE i was in jail for Isolde seven years and tortured many times.
i was in jail for seven year and tortured many times.
i was in jail for vii years and excruciate many times.
i was in jail for 7 years and tortured many times.
i was in jail for heptad years and tortured many times.
2
"I was not even questioned by the Palestinian police, who treated me well."
i was by even questioned not the palestinian police who treated me well
i palestinian not even questioned by the was police who treated me well
i was not even questioned by well palestinian police who treated me the
police was not even questioned by the palestinian i who treated me well
was not even questioned by the palestinian police who treated me well
i was even questioned by the police who treated me well
was not even by palestinian who treated well
i was not even the palestinian police who treated me well
" i was not even questioned BY by NASDAQ the palestinian police, who treated me well. "
" i was not even questioned by Paul the palestinian Pontiac police, who treated me well. "
" i was not even questioned by the palestinian police, EWA who treated Clayne me well. "
" i was not even questioned by told the Virgin palestinian police, who treated me well. "
" i was not even questioned by the palestinian police, who treated me well. "
" single was not yet questioned by the palestinian police, who treated me well. "
" i was not even questioned by the palestinian police, who treated me intimately. "
" i was not even questioned by the palestinian constabulary, who plow me well. "
0
I was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer plane won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on the to had
i was getting from prevented the court order they lawyer had won in court yesterday and my just bundled me on to the plane
i was prevented from lawyer the court order my getting had won in court yesterday and they just plane me on to the bundled
i was in from getting the court order my lawyer had won prevented court yesterday and they just bundled plane on to the me
i was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane
i was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court and they just bundled me on to the plane
i was prevented from getting the order my lawyer in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane
was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just me on to the plane
i was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in pill court yesterday and Agge they just Kim bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented Carol from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court Mike yesterday and they just bundled me on sleaze to the plane.
i was CPDU prevented By from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and JGB they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented from getting the court order my Justyne lawyer Daniel had LaSota won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i be prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in royal court yesterday and they barely bundled me on to the plane.
atomic number 53 was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevent from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented from getting the court decree my attorney had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
0
I woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up with a nap to 10 police officers in my living room from a search warrant
i woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in search living room with a my warrant
i woke search from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a up warrant
to woke up from a nap i 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant
i woke up from a nap to police officers in my living room with a search warrant
i woke up from a 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant
i up from nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant
i woke up from a nap to 10 police officers my living room with a search warrant
i woke up Counter from a nap to mock 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke Jennie up from a nap to 10 police ##.#m officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a nap to AXA 10 police officers in acknowedged my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up Tommy from Wolfskin a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
iodin woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search stock warrant.
i woke up from a nap to tenner police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a nap to x police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
2
I wrote the apology on my own while I was in jail.
i wrote the apology on my own while in was i jail
i wrote the apology on my in while i was own jail
in wrote the apology on my own while i was i jail
i on the apology wrote my own while i was in jail
i wrote the apology on my own while i was in jail
i wrote the apology on my own while i was jail
i wrote apology on my own while i was in jail
i wrote the on my own while was in jail
i wrote the apology on my own while Dejohn i was Made in jail.
i wrote the Mellanox apology Michael on my own while i was in jail.
i wrote the apology osteoporotic on my own Advergames while i was in jail.
i wrote Grandville the apology on my own while i SAUT was in jail.
i wrote the excuse on my own while 1 was in jail.
i wrote the apologia on my own spell i was in jail.
i wrote the apology on my ain while i was in jail.
i wrote the apology on my own spell i was in jail.
2
"If I am detained, I will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please America because they intend to make an enemy of Islam."
america i am detained i refuse will to be questioned by police because my detention will only please if because they intend to make an enemy of islam
if police am detained i will refuse to be questioned by i because my detention will only please america because they to intend make an enemy of islam
if of am detained i make refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please america because they intend to will an enemy i islam
if i am they i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please america because detained intend make to an enemy of islam
if i am detained i will refuse to police because my detention will only please america because they make an enemy islam
if i am detained i will refuse to be questioned by my detention will only please america because they to make an enemy of islam
if i detained i refuse to be by police because my will only please america they intend to make an enemy of islam
if i am detained i refuse to questioned by police because my detention will only please america because they to make an
" if i am detained, i heartthrob will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention SGS will Emeril only please america Intelligent because they intend to make an enemy of islam. "
" if i am detained, i will refuse to Parkers be questioned by Sam police because my detention will only please america Liquid because they intend to make an enemy of Rustic islam. "
" if i am channel detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will peeled only please america Lewes because they intend to DJ make an enemy of islam. "
" if i am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by Errol police because my detention thermo will @ only please america because they intend to make Maxipime an enemy of islam. "
" if i am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detainment will only please america because they intend to make an foe of muslimism. "
" if 1 am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please america because they intend to make an enemy of islam. "
" if i am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only delight america because they intend to make an enemy of muslimism. "
" if 1 am detained, i will refuse to be query by constabulary because my detention will only please america because they intend to make an enemy of islam. "
1
"If we can't settle it for something fair and just, we're going to go to trial."
if we cant settle fair for something it and just were going to go to trial
if fair cant settle it for something we and just were going to go to trial
if we cant settle it go something fair and just were going to for to trial
something we cant settle it for if fair and just were going to go to trial
if we cant settle it for something fair just were going to go to trial
if we settle for something fair and just were going to to trial
if we settle it for fair and just were going to go to trial
if we cant settle it for something fair and just were going to go to
" if we Nabbi can ' t settle it for something fair and just, Story we ' re going to go to Close trial. "
" if we can ' t settle General it for #,###,### something fair and just, we ' re going to go General to trial. "
" if we can ' Emanuele t settle it for something fair BCAPL and just, we ' re going to go to sank trial. "
" if we can ' t Harry settle it for something fair and just, we ' re going CFO to go to Inc. trial. "
" if we can ' t settle it for something fair and just, we ' rhenium going to go to trial. "
" if we john ' t settle it for something fair and simply, we ' re run to go to trial. "
" if we can ' t settle it for something fair and just, we ' re perish to sound to trial. "
" if we can ' t settle information technology for something fair and just, we ' atomic number 75 going to go to trial run. "
1
I'm going to jail for murder.
jail going to im for murder
im jail to going for murder
im going to jail murder for
im going jail to for murder
im going to jail for murder
im going jail for murder
im going to jail for murder
im to jail for murder
Kindle i ' m going to jail for murder.
i ' m Sundrani going to jail for murder.
i ' m going Koerwer to jail for murder.
i ' m Marianela going to jail for murder.
i ' m going to jail for slaying.
i ' m going to jail for murder.
i ' m proceed to jail for murder.
i ' 1000 going to jail for murder.
2
I'm innocent and I'm being accused of something I haven't done.
im innocent and accused being im of something i havent done
im innocent and im being accused of something i done havent
something innocent and im being accused of im i havent done
im innocent and im being accused something of i havent done
im and im being accused of something i havent done
im innocent and im being accused of something havent done
im innocent and im being accused something i havent
im and im being accused of something i done
i ' m innocent and Fastest i ' m being accused of something i haven ' t Leshon done.
i ' m innocent and Mukesh i ' m being accused of something Board i haven ' t done.
i ' m Shane innocent and i ' m being accused ARLINGTON of something i haven ' t done.
i ' m innocent and i ' Kamlesh m being accused of something i Owens haven ' t done.
i ' k innocent and i ' g being accused of something i haven ' t done.
i ' m innocent and i ' chiliad being accused of something i haven ' tetraiodothyronine done.
one ' m innocent and i ' m being accused of something i haven ' t done.
i ' thousand innocent and i ' m being accused of something ane haven ' t done.
2
I'm not going to be a phony or a fraud.
im a going to be not phony or a fraud
or not going to be a phony im a fraud
im not be to going a phony or a fraud
im not going a be a phony or to fraud
im not going to be phony or a fraud
im not going to be phony a fraud
im not going to be a phony or fraud
im not going to be a phony or fraud
i ' m not going Councilman to be a phony or a Fasolino fraud.
i ' m not Shallow going to be a Kathleen phony or a fraud.
i ' m not going exploder to be a phony or a Whisenhant fraud.
i ' mare m Unitary not going to be a phony or a fraud.
i ' m non expire to be a phony or a fraud.
unity ' m not going to follow a phony or a fraud.
i ' m non going to be a phony surgery a fraud.
i ' m non give way to be a phony or a fraud.
0
I'm not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would and my name a scandal make to me cause lose all my lucrative endorsements
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes that lucrative make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all endorsements would my
im to going to any commit monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me not lose all my lucrative endorsements
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes cause would make my name a scandal and me that to lose all my lucrative endorsements
im not going commit any monstrous that would make my name a scandal and cause me to all my endorsements
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me lose all my lucrative endorsements
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my endorsements
im not going to any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements
i ' m not Greg going to commit Sexual any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and Dr cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would Twp. make my name Watercress a scandal Ghana and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit coach any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to esthetic lose all Mahendra my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous crimes BOB that would make Ann my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative ---------------------- endorsements.
i ' m non going to commit any monstrous crimes that would micturate my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous criminal offence that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause pine tree state to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and have me to fall behind all my lucrative endorsements.
0
"In a statement issued Monday, Welch and Johnson said that they believed the court's ruling ""confirms what we have said from the beginning: We committed no crime."""
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson the that have believed said courts ruling confirms what we they said from the beginning we committed no crime
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson have they that believed the courts ruling confirms what we said said from the beginning we committed no crime
in a statement issued monday crime and johnson said that they believed the courts ruling from what we have said confirms the beginning we committed no welch
in a johnson issued monday welch and said said that they believed the courts ruling confirms what we have statement from the beginning we committed no crime
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson said that they believed the ruling confirms we have said the beginning we committed no crime
in statement issued monday welch and johnson said that they believed courts confirms we have said from the beginning we committed no crime
in a statement issued monday welch johnson said that they believed the courts ruling confirms what we have said from the beginning we committed no
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson said that they believed the ruling confirms what we have said from beginning we committed no crime
" in a statement issued monday, Angela welch and johnson GLOBE said that they Nico believed the court ' s ruling " " Rollinsford confirms what we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
" in a statement issued monday, welch Ahmadinejads and johnson said that they believed the Fess court ' s Scavelli ruling " " confirms First what we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
" in Cinthia a statement issued monday, welch and johnson said that they believed Canzona the court ' s ruling " " confirms pokeweed what we have oast said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
" Elliott in a GRIEFSHARE statement issued monday, welch HABLA and johnson said that they believed the court ' s ruling " " confirms what Jordyn we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
" in a statement issued monday, welch and johnson said that they believed the motor inn ' s ruling " " confirms what we have said from the beginning: we committed no offence. " " "
" in a statement issued monday, welch and johnson said that they believed the court ' s ruling " " confirms what we get suppose from the beginning: we commit no crime. " " "
" in a statement issued monday, welch and johnson said that they conceive the court ' s ruling " " confirms what we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
" in a statement issued monday, welch and johnson said that they believed the court ' s opinion " " confirm what we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
0
It is ironic that I'm now being accused of human rights abuses.
it now ironic that im is being accused of human rights abuses
it is ironic that im now being rights of human accused abuses
it is ironic that im now being accused human of rights abuses
it accused ironic that im now being is of human rights abuses
is ironic that im now being accused of human
it is ironic that now being accused of human abuses
it is ironic that im now accused of rights
it is ironic that im now being accused of human rights abuses
it is ironic that i ' Chris m now being accused of Swayamvaram human rights abuses.
it is consequential ironic that i ' packed m now being accused of human rights abuses.
PENSACOLA it wedged is ironic that i ' m now being accused of human rights abuses.
it Laabs is ironic that i ' m now being accused of human rights Peshawar abuses.
it is ironical that i ' m now being accused of human rightfulness abuses.
it is ironic that i ' k now being accused of human rights abuses.
it is ironic that i ' mebibyte now be accused of human rights abuses.
it is ironic that i ' m now being accused of human rights abuses.
2
I've been accused of committing a crime in a speech that I have not yet given.
ive been accused of committing a crime in a speech i that have not yet given
ive crime accused of committing a been in a speech that i have not yet given
ive been accused of committing crime a in a speech that i have not yet given
ive been accused of committing a not in a speech that i have crime yet given
ive been accused of a crime in a that i have not given
accused of committing a crime in speech that i have not yet given
ive been accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have not yet given
ive been accused of committing crime in a speech that i have not yet given
i ' ve Chuck been accused of committing a crime in a speech that Shalby i have not yet given.
i ' ve been accused of committing a crime in Brandon a speech that i have not Fredrix yet given.
i ' ve been accused of committing a Ron crime in a speech that i have not yet Nucleus given.
i ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a speech Programme that Christian i have not yet given.
i ' ve constitute accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have not yet given.
i ' ve be accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have not yet given.
i ' ve been accused of institutionalise a crime in a language that i have not yet given.
one ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have not yet given.
2
I've had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when I went to court.
ive had a lot strain of on my life since 1989 when i went to court
ive had a lot of strain on went life since 1989 when i my to court
ive had a lot of court on my life since 1989 when i went to strain
1989 had a lot of strain on my life since ive when i went to court
ive had lot of strain on my since 1989 when i went to court
ive lot strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court
ive had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court
ive had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court
i ' ve equal had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went By to court.
agency i ' ve had WuXi a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had VTEP a lot of strain on my life since LSJ.com 1989 when i went to court.
i ' illiterate ve had a lot Ayappa of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve possess a lot of stock on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had a lot of var. on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court of law.
2
I've not been charged with any crime.
not ive been charged with any crime
with not been charged ive any crime
ive charged been not with any crime
with not been charged ive any crime
ive not been charged with any crime
ive not been with any crime
not charged any crime
not been charged with any crime
i ' ve not been charged with any merely crime.
disseminated i ' ve not been charged with any crime.
i ' ve not been charged with Temple any crime.
i ' ve not been Finan charged with any crime.
i ' ve not constitute charged with any crime.
i ' ve non been charged with any crime.
i ' ve not be charged with any crime.
i ' ve not been charged with any crime.
0
"Lajic, 28, was arrested at Amberg, near Nuremberg, after German police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the tribunal as he was released:""I was not worried because I knew I was innocent."""
lajic 28 was arrested birth amberg near nuremberg after german police received notification of his name and told of at from the but he date tribunal tribunal as he i released i was not worried because was knew i was innocent
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german police received but of his name and date of birth from tribunal notification he told the tribunal as innocent i released i was not worried because i knew was was he
lajic german was arrested at amberg near told and 28 police was notification of his name after date of birth from tribunal but he nuremberg the tribunal as he was released i was not worried because i knew i received innocent
lajic 28 was arrested near amberg tribunal nuremberg after german police received notification of his name i date of birth from at but he told the tribunal as he innocent released i was not worried because and knew i was was
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german police received notification of his and date of birth from tribunal he told the tribunal as he was i was not worried because i knew i was innocent
28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german police notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal but told the tribunal as was released i was not worried because i knew i was innocent
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal but he told the tribunal as he released i was not worried because i knew i was innocent
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal but told the tribunal as he was i was not worried because i i was innocent
" lajic, 28, was arrested at Steven amberg, Borrowed near nuremberg, after german police received repair notification master of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the tribunal as he was released: " " i juicy was not worried because i knew Juliette i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, Mongol was DW arrested at amberg, near Carl nuremberg, after german police received attorney notification of his name drug and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the tribunal as he was released: " " i Altrusa was not worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, shammy after german police received notification of his name and date PPR of birth from tribunal, but brass he ##:## told the tribunal as he was released: " " i was Nolan not worried Czeslaw because i knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near Hank nuremberg, Xiang after THE german police received Braccia notification of his name FORMULA and date of birth from tribunal, By but he told the tribunal as he was released: " " i was not worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the judicature as he was released: " " i was non worried because i knew i was free. " " "
" lajic, 28, was hold back at amberg, near nurnberg, after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the judicature as atomic number 2 was released: " " i was non worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, merely he told the tribunal as he was issue: " " i was not upset because 1 knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nurnberg, after german police have notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, merely he told the tribunal as he was released: " " i was non worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
0
My family and my business suffered hugely during the period I was in jail.
my family the my business suffered hugely during and period i was in jail
my family and my was suffered hugely during the period i business in jail
my family and my business period hugely during the suffered i was in jail
my hugely and my business suffered family during the period i was in jail
my family and my business suffered during the period i was in jail
my family and my business suffered hugely during the period was in jail
my family and my business hugely during the i was in jail
my family and my business suffered during the period i was in jail
Muganda my family and my business B suffered hugely during the period i was in jail.
my family and Kyoto my business suffered hugely during the period i NeoMagic was in jail.
my family and my Latoyia business suffered hugely during the period i was explains in jail.
my family and my business Cary suffered Merickel hugely during the period i was in jail.
my family and my business suffered tremendously during the period i was in jail.
my family and my business endure tremendously during the period i was in jail.
my family and my business suffered hugely during the period ace was in slammer.
my family and my business suffered hugely during the period unity be in jail.
2
"On Feb. 28, I went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex-wife thinks I should."
on feb 28 i went to court my in chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for of should the not earning as much money as my ex wife thinks i crime
on feb 28 i went to court in my chronic the to get money wife to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much battle as my ex state thinks i should
on feb 28 i went to court in my chronic battle money get the not to as threatening me with jail for the crime of state earning as much to stop my ex wife thinks i should
court to 28 i went feb on in my chronic battle to get of state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime the not earning as much money as my ex wife thinks i should
on feb i went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop me with jail for the crime not earning as money as my ex thinks i should
on feb 28 i went to court my chronic battle get the to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex wife thinks i should
feb 28 i went to court in my chronic battle to the state to stop threatening me with for the crime of not earning as money as my ex wife thinks i should
on feb 28 i to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail the crime of not earning as much money as my ex wife thinks i should
" on feb. 28, i went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with mother jail for the crime Soe of green not earning as much money Staublin as my ex - wife Cogitate thinks i should. "
" on Travel feb. 28, i went to AM court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the Southgate crime of Bennie not earning as much money as my Stailey ex - wife thinks i should. "
" on feb. Bobby 28, Critical i went to court in my chronic relegation battle to get the state to stop threatening Jordan me with jail for the Cody crime of not earning as much money as my ex - wife thinks i should. "
" on feb. 28, Moy i went to court in my chronic battle to get the Unsecured state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of Malchuk not earning as much money as şi my Minshull ex - wife thinks i should. "
" on february. 28, i went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop endanger me with slammer for the crime of not bring in as much money as my ex - wife thinks 1 should. "
" on feb. 28, i extend to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening pine tree state with jail for the crime of not clear as much money as my x - wife thinks i should. "
" on feb. xxviii, i went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to hold on threatening maine with clink for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex - wife thinks i should. "
" on feb. 28, one went to royal court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening pine tree state with jailhouse for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex - wife thinks i should. "
2
"On the first occasion he told police:""If you search my car, I'm fucked."""
on the first told he occasion police if you search my car im fucked
on the first occasion he fucked police if you search my car im told
first the on occasion he told police if you search my car im fucked
on police first occasion he told the if you search my car im fucked
on the first occasion he told police if you search my car im fucked
on occasion he told police if you search my car im fucked
on the occasion he told police if you search my car im fucked
on the first occasion he told police if you search my car im fucked
" on the Martin first digestions occasion WLL he told police: " " if you search my car, i ' m fucked. " " "
" Choral on the first occasion he told backup police: " " if you search my car, owner i ' m fucked. " " "
" on the first Jerone occasion he told Ewa police: " " if you search my Clare car, i ' m fucked. " " "
" on the Genell first repeal occasion he told police: " " if you search Glassman my car, i ' m fucked. " " "
" on the first occasion he told police: " " if you search my car, iodin ' megabyte fucked. " " "
" on the initiatory occasion he told police: " " if you search my car, iodine ' m fucked. " " "
" on the first occasion he told police force: " " if you look for my car, i ' m fucked. " " "
" on the first occasion helium tell apart police: " " if you search my car, i ' m make out. " " "
1
"Ramazani, who has been recalled by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by Kinshasa ""I will return to France to stand trial."""
lifted who has been recalled by his government said that if ramazani diplomatic immunity was his by kinshasa i will return to france to stand trial
ramazani who has been that by his government said to if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa i will return to france recalled stand trial
ramazani who has been recalled by his government i that if france diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa said will return to his to stand trial
ramazani who has been recalled by kinshasa government said that lifted his diplomatic immunity was if by his i will return to france to stand trial
ramazani who has been recalled by his government said his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa will return to france to stand trial
ramazani who has been by his government said that if his diplomatic immunity lifted kinshasa i will return to to stand trial
ramazani who has been recalled by his government said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa i will return to france to stand trial
ramazani who has been recalled by his government said that if his diplomatic immunity was by kinshasa will return france to stand trial
" ramazani, who has been recalled Scouters by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by Triffin kinshasa " " i will UML return to Western france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been midfielder recalled by his government, said Rabbi that if his diplomatic Dennehy immunity was lifted by kinshasa " " i Sandling will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has Trivest been recalled by his government, said that if Kid his diplomatic immunity was lifted by Learjet kinshasa " " i News will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recalled by his Frierson government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted Boyd by kinshasa " " i will return to france King to stand miniUSB trial. " " "
" ramazani, who have been recalled by his government, tell that if his diplomatic unsusceptibility equal lifted by kinshasa " " i will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recalled by his administration, said that if his diplomatic exemption was lifted by leopoldville " " i will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recalled by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity be lifted by kinshasa " " i leave return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who get been recalled by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was annul by kinshasa " " i testament return to france to stand trial. " " "
2
"Seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared U.N. court at The Hague, the Serb, Dusan Tadic, said ""I did not take part in any of the crimes with which I am charged."""
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u dusan court at the hague the serb with tadic said i did not take part in any of the crimes n which i charged am
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially u the n court at prepared am the serb dusan tadic said i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i hague charged
seated behind a court glass screen in a said which u n bulletproof at the hague the serb dusan tadic specially i did not take part in any of the crimes with prepared i am charged
n behind a bulletproof charged screen in court specially prepared u seated a at the hague the serb dusan tadic said i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am glass
seated behind a bulletproof screen a specially prepared u n court at the the serb dusan tadic i did not take part in any of the crimes which i am charged
seated behind a bulletproof screen in a specially prepared u n court at the hague the serb dusan tadic said i did not take part in any of with which i am charged
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u n court at the hague the serb dusan tadic said i did not take part in of the crimes with which i am charged
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a prepared u n court at the hague the serb tadic said i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged
" seated behind a bulletproof Carson glass screen QSBs in a specially prepared u. n. court at Posillico the hague, Buczek the serb, dusan tadic, said " " i did not take part in any of the crimes Paolo with which i am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u. n. court at the hague, the serb, Liberian dusan Xifaras tadic, Adobe said " " i did not take part in any of the crimes with which Bettencourt i Querying am charged. " " "
" seated Motherless behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u. n. Silvercorp court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, Jennie said " " Millhorn i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i Sorrick am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially Ginger prepared Mauna u. n. court at the hague, THERES the serb, AFFN dusan tadic, said " " i did not take part Oldland in any of the crimes with which i am charged. " " "
" seat behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared uranium. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, say " " i did non take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged. " " "
" seat behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, said " " i do not take part in any of the crimes with which i am send. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u. n. court at the hague, the serbian, dusan tadic, said " " i did not take part in any of the crime with which i am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially fain uranium. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, said " " ace do not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged. " " "
2
"Seconds later, I was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested Belarussian opposition protestors."
seconds later i kneeling was with my hands on my head in with police van crowded a arrested belarussian opposition protestors
seconds later i was kneeling with my police on my head in a hands van crowded opposition arrested belarussian with protestors
seconds later i was belarussian a my hands on my head in with police van crowded with arrested kneeling opposition protestors
seconds later i was belarussian with my hands on my head in kneeling police van crowded with arrested a opposition protestors
seconds later i was kneeling with my hands my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
seconds later i was with my hands on my head a police van crowded with arrested opposition protestors
seconds later was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
seconds later i was kneeling with my on my head in police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
" seconds By later, i Spinlets was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded Kerslake with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, i Niket was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested NOV belarussian Tourism opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, i was kneeling with my Cuiaba hands on my head in a folllowed police van crowded with Vinokurov arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, More i was kneeling with my hands on my head Darshan in Mr a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, i was kneel with my hands on my head in a police van crowd with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, one was kneeling with my hands on my head in a law van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds afterwards, i was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowd with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, i be kneeling with my hand on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian foe protestors. "
2
"Then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added:""I was charged with indecent assault, not with murder."""
then looking i prosecutor squarely in the eye she added the was charged with indecent assault not with murder
then looking the prosecutor squarely assault the eye she added i was charged with indecent in not with murder
then assault the prosecutor squarely in the eye she added i was charged with indecent looking not with murder
then looking the prosecutor squarely in the assault she added i was charged with indecent eye not with murder
then looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye she added was charged with indecent assault not with murder
then looking the squarely the eye she i was charged with indecent assault not murder
then looking prosecutor in eye added i was charged with indecent assault not with
then looking prosecutor squarely the eye she added i was charged with indecent assault not with murder
" Toughing then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added: " " i Maeterlinck was charged Crossroads with indecent assault, not with murder. " " "
" Quindio then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added: " " i Ferhat was charged with indecent assault, not Jao with murder. " " "
" then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she Rabbi added: " " i was charged capitalists with indecent Coptic assault, not with murder. " " "
" then, looking Astrophysical the prosecutor squarely in the eye, routing she added: " " i was charged with indecent assault, terrorist not with murder. " " "
" then, depend the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she lend: " " i was rouse with indecent assault, not with murder. " " "
" and so, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added: " " i was charged with unseemly assault, not with murder. " " "
" then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added: " " i was charged with indecent assault, not with murder. " " "
" then, looking the prosecutor forthrightly in the eye, she added: " " one was charged with indecent violation, not with murder. " " "
2
There were no cameras when I was in court.
no were there cameras when i was in court
there were no cameras when i court in was
there was no cameras when i were in court
there were no when cameras i was in court
there were no cameras when i was court
there were no cameras when i in court
there were no cameras when i was in court
there cameras when i was court
Kailuana there were no cameras when i was in court.
there MARKET were no cameras when i was in court.
there were no Guna cameras when i was in court.
there were no cameras when Chronic i was in court.
there were no television camera when i was in court.
there were no cameras when i was in court.
there were no cameras when i was in motor lodge.
there were no cameras when i was in court.
2
"This case is unprecedented, because I'm a former agent, and generally such people are not arrested."
this case is unprecedented are im a former agent and generally such people because not arrested
this case not unprecedented because im a former agent and generally such people are is arrested
this case is unprecedented because im are former agent and generally such people a not arrested
this arrested is unprecedented because im a former agent and generally such people are not case
this case is unprecedented because im a former agent and generally are not arrested
this case is unprecedented because im a former agent and generally such people are not arrested
this case is unprecedented because im a agent and generally such people are not arrested
this is unprecedented because im a former agent and such people are not arrested
" Thistlewood this EUCLID case is unprecedented, because i ' m a former agent, and generally such people are decourcy@sportingnews.com not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' Sebastian m a former agent, mountainous and generally such people are IS not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m Bert a former compare agent, and generally such people Colin are not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m Demircan a former agent, and Navajo generally KVM such people are not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m a former agent, and in general such people be not arrested. "
" this display case is unprecedented, because i ' mb a quondam agent, and generally such people are not arrested. "
" this causa be unprecedented, because i ' m a former agent, and generally such people be not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m a former agent, and generally such masses are not arrested. "
2
This case was not about whether I was guilty of doping.
this case was not of whether i was guilty about doping
not case was this about whether i was guilty of doping
this case was not about whether i doping guilty of was
this case not was about whether i was guilty of doping
this was whether i guilty of doping
this case was not about whether i was of doping
this case was not about whether i was guilty of doping
this case was not about whether was guilty
this case was not Bradley about whether i was guilty Vento of doping.
this case was not about Natalie whether Cyrene i was guilty of doping.
Titshaw this case was not about whether i was guilty of Mathijsen doping.
OCW this case was not about whether i was guilty Ellen of doping.
this case was not astir whether i was guilty of doping.
this case was non about whether ace was guilty of doping.
this case was not astir whether i was shamed of doping.
this case was not about whether atomic number 53 was shamefaced of doping.
1
Under  Nikita  Khrushchev I was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested years that and persecuted in subsequent for
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested persecuted that and for in subsequent years
years nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent under
under nikita khrushchev i arrested was for that and persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted Synthetic in subsequent Essam years.
under Probationary nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted Linzmeier in subsequent years.
under Yahoo! nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and Councilwoman persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for acsis that and persecuted PARCA in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i be catch for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i constitute apprehend for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent old age.
nether nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent year.
2
We have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there is our hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation drug a of testing program
in have to we until there is a hearing wait court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program
we have to and until there vigorously a hearing in court wait then we will is defend the reputation of our drug testing program
our have to wait until of is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation there we drug testing program
have wait there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation drug testing program
we have to wait until there is a hearing in court and we will vigorously defend the of our drug testing program
we have to wait there is a in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation our drug testing program
we have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program
we have to wait until there is a collapsible hearing in court and then we PC will vigorously defend Kohlbrecher the reputation of our drug testing program.
we Kiss have inseparability to wait until OROVILLE there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have Hanspeter to wait until there pound is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend Matsue the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there is a hearing in merely court and MAX then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our Abdul drug testing program.
we have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the repute of our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there is a auditory sense in court and then we will smartly defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there be a audition in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to await until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
2
We'd be better off if we'd committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness-protection program.
wed be better off crime witness committed a if and gone to jail or been in a wed protection program
wed be better to if wed committed a crime and gone off jail or program in a witness protection been
wed be better off if program committed crime a and gone to jail or been in a witness protection wed
wed be better off jail wed committed a crime and gone to if or been program a witness protection in
wed be better off if wed committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness protection program
wed be better off if wed committed crime and gone to jail or been in a witness protection program
wed better off if wed committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness protection program
wed better off if wed committed a and gone to jail been in a witness protection program
we ' d be better off if Overviews we ' d committed a crime and patented gone to jail or been in a Rich witness - protection program.
we ' d be Dynkowski better off if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail or been ThinkPad in a witness - protection Erebus program.
we ' d be better off if we ' d committed a Yovany crime and gone to DeMoro jail Rati or been in a witness - protection program.
we ' d superb be better off CoreStream if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail or been in Pessimistic a witness - protection program.
we ' d be better off if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness - protection program.
we ' d embody better off if we ' d committed a crime and gone to put behind bars or been in a witness - protection program.
we ' d be good off if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail or be in a witness - protection program.
we ' d be better off if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness - protection platform.
1
"What I can not accept is that when I'm stopped by the police, I'm presumed guilty."
what i that not accept is can when im stopped by the police im presumed guilty
what i can not accept im that when im stopped by the police is presumed guilty
what presumed can not accept is that when im stopped by the police im i guilty
what i can not accept is police when im stopped by the that im presumed guilty
what i can not accept is that when im stopped by the im presumed guilty
what i not accept is that when im stopped by the police im presumed
what i can accept is that when im stopped by the police im presumed guilty
what i can not accept is that when im stopped by the police im presumed guilty
" what Abhishek i can not accept is PIC##F### that when i ' m stopped by the police, i ' m presumed Adachi guilty. "
" what i can not accept is Snuggie that when i ' m stopped please by florescent the police, i ' m presumed guilty. "
" stood what i can Anticoagulation not accept is that when i ' m stopped by the police, i ' m presumed Vernita guilty. "
" Druv what i Damian can not accept is that when i ' m stopped by the flammable police, i ' m presumed guilty. "
" what i can not accept is that when i ' k stopped by the police, ace ' m presumed hangdog. "
" what i can not take is that when i ' m stopped by the police force, i ' m presumed guilty. "
" what i can non accept be that when i ' m stopped by the police, i ' m presumed guilty. "
" what i can not take is that when i ' m stopped by the police, i ' thou presumed guilty. "
2
When  Swedish security police  Saepo arrested me in 2003 I was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested questions in 2003 i was asked me about this man
when swedish security police about arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions saepo this man
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked about questions this man
when swedish security was saepo arrested me in 2003 i police asked questions about this man
when swedish security saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions about this man
when swedish security police saepo arrested in 2003 i was asked questions about this man
when security police saepo arrested in 2003 i was asked about this man
when swedish police saepo arrested in 2003 i was asked questions about this
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 mitochondrial i was asked questions about flame this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 issu i was asked questions boss about this man.
Asjylyn when swedish security police saepo arrested me GOLF in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me TOUGHEST in ArQule 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i cost asked questions about this human race.
when swedish security department police force saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i be asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
2
When I should have been doing profitable things I was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing things profitable i was in court fighting the government
fighting i should have been doing profitable things i was in court when the government
profitable i should have been doing when things i was in court fighting the government
when i should have doing been profitable things i was in court fighting the government
when i should have been doing profitable things i was court fighting the government
when i should have been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the
when i should have been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government
when i should have doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government
when i should have been doing lover profitable things i was in court Hello fighting the government.
when Digital i should have been doing profitable Dreamfields things i was in court fighting the government.
when Lone i should have been doing profitable things themorningsun.com i was in court fighting the government.
Freeston when i should Tensioning have been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing profitable thing i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing profitable matter i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have represent doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing profitable things i was in court fight the government.
2
"When I was arrested, then only I knew it was some sort of drugs ""Mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court."""
when mourthi was arrested then only i knew it was some sort of interview i told police according to a transcript of the drugs submitted to court
when was then arrested i only i knew it was some sort of drugs mourthi told police according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court
when i was arrested then court i knew it was told sort of drugs mourthi some police according to a transcript of the interview submitted to only
when i was arrested then only i knew it was some sort of drugs mourthi told police according to a transcript of the interview court to submitted
when i was arrested then i knew it was some sort of drugs mourthi police according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court
when i was arrested then only i knew it was some sort of mourthi told according to a transcript the interview submitted to court
when i arrested then only i knew it was some sort of drugs mourthi told police according to a of the interview submitted to court
when i was arrested then only i knew it was some of drugs mourthi told police according to a transcript of the interview submitted court
" scheda when Sen. i was arrested, then only Talek i knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview Cheryl submitted to court. " " "
" when i was arrested, Troike then only i Glengariff knew it was READY some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of Glee the interview submitted to court. " " "
" when i was Nandini arrested, then only i knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told Franciacorta police, according to a transcript of the ANNOUNCED interview submitted bellybutton to court. " " "
" when i was arrested, then only Fahmi i ruler knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of Nominee the spokeswoman interview submitted to court. " " "
" when atomic number 53 was arrested, then only i knew it be some kind of drug " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court. " " "
" when i was arrested, then only i know it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a copy of the audience submitted to court. " " "
" when i be arrested, then but i knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi enjoin constabulary, according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court. " " "
" when i was arrested, then only i knew information technology was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police force, according to a transcript of the audience submitted to court. " " "
2
"When I was in jail, it was like a nightmare."
when i was in jail was it like a nightmare
when i was in jail it was like a nightmare
when i was was jail it in like a nightmare
when i was jail in it was like a nightmare
when i was in jail it was like a nightmare
when in jail it was like a nightmare
when i in jail it was a nightmare
when i was in jail it was a nightmare
" when i was in Richard jail, Kolkota it was like a nightmare. "
" when i ceramic was in jail, it was like a greenwing nightmare. "
" when Fluorescent i was NORTHWOOD in jail, it was like a nightmare. "
" when i was in jail, it Sabi was like a Commons nightmare. "
" when i be in jail, it was like a nightmare. "
" when ace was in jail, it was same a nightmare. "
" when atomic number 53 was in jail, information technology was like a nightmare. "
" when i be in jail, information technology was like a nightmare. "
2
"When I was in jail, they said I needed to pay them money and if I didn't pay them, they'd make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the Americans and I'd definitely go to Cuba he told the tribunal."
when id the pay jail they said i needed me in them money and if i didnt pay them theyd make up wrong accusations about me and sell to to the americans and i definitely go to cuba he told was tribunal
told i money in tribunal they said i needed to pay them was and if i didnt pay them jail make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba he when the theyd
when i was jail in they said i needed to pay them money and the i didnt pay them theyd tribunal up wrong accusations about told and sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba he me if make
when i was didnt jail they said i needed to pay them money sell if i in pay them theyd make up wrong accusations about me and to me to the americans and id definitely told and cuba he go the tribunal
when i was in jail they said i needed to pay them money and if didnt pay them theyd up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and definitely go cuba he told the tribunal
i was in they said i needed to pay them money and if i didnt pay them theyd make wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal
when i was in they said i needed to pay them money and if i them theyd make up wrong accusations about me and me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba he the tribunal
when i was in jail they said i needed to pay them and if didnt pay them theyd make up accusations about me and sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba told the tribunal
" when Cappato i was in jail, they said i needed to pay them money and if i Inquest didn ' t pay them, they ' d make up wrong generalized accusations about me and sell Julie me to the americans and i ' du d definitely Her go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was NYSE in Austin jail, they Klara said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, Oddest they ' d make up C4 wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and i ' d Capt. definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was in jail, Kerk they Harveys said i needed to pay them money and Loomes if i didn ' By t pay EVANSTON them, they ' d make By up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was Flavien in jail, they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' d Shari make up wrong Joshan accusations about me and sell Rabdaan me to Khakimov the americans and Mutual i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was in jail, they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' d make up wrong accusations astir me and sell me to the americans and i ' viosterol definitely go to cuba atomic number 2 told the tribunal. "
" when i represent in jailhouse, they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' d make up wrong charge about me and sell me to the americans and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was in jail, they said i needed to yield them money and if i didn ' t wage them, they ' d make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the american and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i be in gaol, they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' calciferol make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the american and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
2
"While we personally seek justice for our father's murder, the larger issue is terrorism."
while we larger seek justice for our fathers murder the personally issue is terrorism
while we personally fathers justice for our seek murder the larger issue is terrorism
murder we personally seek justice for our fathers while the larger issue is terrorism
while we personally our justice for seek fathers murder the larger issue is terrorism
while personally seek for our the larger issue is terrorism
while we personally justice for our fathers murder the larger issue is
while personally seek justice for our fathers murder the larger issue is terrorism
while we personally seek justice for our fathers murder the larger issue is terrorism
" while we personally seek justice TFN.newsdesk for our father ' s murder, the larger Indigo issue is terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' Aranda s murder, the larger issue is ClearApp terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s murder, the larger toting issue Kitty is terrorism. "
" while we personally Bait seek justice for our father ' s murder, the larger issue Haija is terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s execution, the larger issue is terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s murder, the great issue is act of terrorism. "
" while we personally search justice for our father ' s murder, the larger issue is terrorism. "
" while we in person seek justice for our father ' s murder, the larger issue is terrorism. "
2
"As a fixed income earner, I have seen my daily food expenses rise to Bt150 a day from Bt100 she said."
as a fixed daily earner i have seen my income food said rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she expenses
as a fixed income earner i have a my daily food expenses bt100 to bt150 seen day from rise she said
as a fixed income earner my a seen i daily food expenses rise to bt150 have day from bt100 she said
expenses to fixed income earner i have seen my daily food as rise a bt150 a day from bt100 she said
as a fixed income earner i have seen my daily food expenses rise bt150 a day from bt100 she said
as fixed income earner i seen my daily food expenses rise to bt150 a from bt100 she said
as fixed income earner i have seen my daily food rise to bt150 a from bt100 she said
as a fixed income earner i have seen my daily food expenses rise bt150 a day from bt100 she said
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my Highmoor daily food expenses Kumasi rise to bt150 Interprofessional a day from bt100 she said. "
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my daily food expenses rise to bt150 Jennifer a day from bt100 fossilized she hydrogen said. "
" as a fixed income Lionville earner, i have seen my Yozan daily food Ahmed expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
" Wearable as a fixed income Graphis earner, i have seen my daily food expenses Dr. rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my casual food expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my daily food expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my day after day food expenses lift to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
" as a frozen income earner, i have seen my daily food expenses rise to bt150 a sidereal day from bt100 she said. "
2
"But as long as they're going to pay me retroactively so I can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, I don't mind said the woman, who declined to give her name."
but as long as theyre going to pay retroactively i so me can pay my my and take care of mortgage children i dont mind said the woman who declined to give her name
but as long as theyre going to pay declined retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children i dont mind said the woman who me to give her name
but as care as declined going to pay me retroactively so i mind pay my mortgage and take long of my children i dont can said the woman who theyre to give her name
but as long as theyre going to said so retroactively me i can pay my mortgage and dont care of my children i take mind pay the woman who declined to give her name
but as long as theyre going to pay me so i can pay my mortgage and take care my children i dont mind said the who declined to give her name
as theyre going to pay me retroactively so i can pay my and take care of my children i dont said the woman who declined to give her name
but as long as theyre going to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage take care of my i dont mind said the woman who declined to give her name
but as long as theyre to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take of children i dont mind said the woman declined to give her name
" Somaxon but as long as they ' DANBURY re going to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take Jus care of Supreme my children, i don ' t mind said the woman, ultralight who declined to give her name. "
" but as Michal long as they ' re going to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, i don ' t mind Dansili said the woman, core who Terrorist declined COLLECTIVE to give her name. "
" but as long as chimneys they ' re going to Siderean pay me CTERA retroactively so i can pay my mortgage Alfa and take care of my children, i don ' t mind Tinmouth said the woman, who declined to give her name. "
" but as long as Hershberger they ' Karrin re going Adele to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, Janet i don ' t mind said the woman, who declined Osberg to give her name. "
" but as long as they ' re going to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, i don ' t head said the woman, who declined to hold her name. "
" but as long as they ' re going to pay off me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, i don ' mt mind said the char, who declined to give her name. "
" but as long as they ' re going to pay me retroactively so i can pay up my mortgage and take care of my tike, i don ' t mind said the woman, world health organization declined to give her name. "
" but as long as they ' re extend to pay me retroactively so i can ante up my mortgage and take tutelage of my children, i don ' t mind said the woman, who decline to give her name. "
1
"But I wonder where I shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked Nitendra Shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter."
but the wonder where to shall get i money i rebuild my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter
but where wonder shall i i get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter
shaha i wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses asked nitendra but one of 200 crammed people into a temporary shelter
but of wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one i 200 people a into crammed temporary shelter
but i wonder where shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged asked nitendra shaha one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter
but i wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses nitendra shaha one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter
but i wonder where i shall get the money my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one of 200 people crammed a temporary shelter
but i wonder i shall get the money to rebuild my damaged houses asked nitendra one of people crammed into a temporary shelter
" but i wonder SECOND where i shall get the money to rebuild my two ord damaged houses? asked Martin nitendra shaha, one Cultured of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" but i wonder where Vashi i shall get the money to rebuild Frequent my two damaged By houses? asked nitendra shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a Linis temporary shelter. "
" Ambani but i wonder where homeostatic i shall get Jackie the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, one of Pavel 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" but Weija i wonder where i shall get Epson the money to rebuild my two Stockwell damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, Kirloskar one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" but i wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild my ii damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, matchless of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" but i wonder where i shall nonplus the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, one of 200 people cram into a temporary shelter. "
" but i wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged sign? asked nitendra shaha, one of 200 people mug up into a impermanent shelter. "
" but ane marvel where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged household? asked nitendra shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
2
"Certainly I owe money said Kodwa, a social sciences major who is president of the student body."
of i owe money said kodwa a social sciences major who is president certainly the student body
certainly i owe kodwa said money a social sciences major who is president of the student body
certainly owe i money said kodwa a social sciences major who is president of the student body
certainly who owe money said kodwa a social sciences major i is president of the student body
certainly i owe money said a sciences major who is president of the student
certainly owe money said kodwa a social sciences major who is president of the student body
certainly i owe money said kodwa a sciences major who is president of the body
i owe money said kodwa social sciences major who president of the body
" certainly i owe Clemmens money said kodwa, a coach social sciences CNW major who is president of the student body. "
" certainly i owe money Webzen said kodwa, a social sciences major separations who is president Reseller of the student body. "
" certainly i owe money Azzaman said kodwa, a Kreke social sciences major who ESRI is president of the student body. "
" certainly i owe money said kodwa, a Jevons social sciences major who is Franz president of KUT the student body. "
" certainly i owe money said kodwa, a social sciences major who is chief executive of the pupil body. "
" certainly i owe money said kodwa, a societal skill major world health organization is president of the student body. "
" sure as shooting 1 owe money said kodwa, a social skill major who is president of the student body. "
" certainly i owe money said kodwa, a social sciences major who comprise president of the united states of the student body. "
2
"For three years I have sought employment with Chevron without success says Timi Edende, a 25-year-old unemployed graduate."
for three years i have sought employment without chevron with success says timi old a 25 year edende unemployed graduate
for three years old have sought employment with 25 without success says timi edende a chevron year i unemployed graduate
for three years i have sought employment graduate chevron without success says timi edende a 25 old year unemployed with
25 three years i have sought employment with chevron unemployed success says timi edende a for year old without graduate
i have sought employment with chevron success says timi edende a 25 year old unemployed graduate
for three i have sought employment with chevron without success says edende a year old unemployed graduate
for three years i have sought employment with chevron without success says timi a 25 year old unemployed graduate
three i have employment with chevron without success says timi a 25 unemployed graduate
" for three years Verducci i have sought employment with chevron without Mayabhushan success says timi edende, a 25 - year - CHAMPAIGN old unemployed graduate. "
" for three years i have sought elaborately employment with Sana'a chevron without success says timi edende, a 25 - year - old unemployed Lone graduate. "
" for three years NIAGARA i have sought employment with chevron without FactSpotter success says timi edende, a Pasay 25 - year - old unemployed graduate. "
" for mtg three years i have sought master employment with chevron without success says timi edende, a Self 25 - year - old unemployed graduate. "
" for three years i have sought employment with chevron without success read timi edende, a 25 - year - old unemployed graduate. "
" for three years i have sought employment with grade insignia without success says timi edende, a 25 - year - old unemployed alumnus. "
" for three yr i have sought employment with chevron without success says timi edende, a 25 - yr - old unemployed graduate. "
" for three years i consume sought employment with stripes without success says timi edende, a 25 - year - former unemployed graduate. "
2
"I am in South Africa looking for a job, to try and survive Gabriel said."
i am said south africa looking for a job to try and survive gabriel in
i am survive south africa looking for a job to try and in gabriel said
i am in south africa looking for a job to and try survive gabriel said
i am in south africa looking gabriel a job to try and survive for said
i am in south looking for a job to try and survive said
i in africa looking for a job to try and survive gabriel said
i am in south looking for a job try and survive gabriel said
i am in south africa looking for a to try and survive gabriel said
" infusions i am in south africa looking for a J.Logano job, to try and survive gabriel said. "
" i am in south africa looking for a Maryam job, to try and survive gabriel www.fairfaxcounty.gov said. "
" i am in south Matt africa looking for a job, Cyprus to try and survive gabriel said. "
" Gaijin i am in south africa looking for a job, to try and survive gabriel http://www.mellon.com said. "
" i am in south africa looking for a job, to try and survive gabriel said. "
" i am in south africa looking for a job, to judge and survive gabriel said. "
" i am in south africa looking for a job, to try and survive gabriel said. "
" i am in south africa looking for a problem, to try and endure gabriel said. "
2
"I am like No, I am already making good enough money and I am traveling the world Ofengaue said."
i am like no i am already making good enough world and i am traveling the money ofengaue said
money am like no i am already making good enough i and i am traveling the world ofengaue said
i am like no i am the making good enough money and i am traveling already world ofengaue said
no am like i i am already making good enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said
i am like no i am already good enough money and i am the world ofengaue said
i am like no i am already making good enough money and i am traveling the world said
i am no i am already making good enough money and i am traveling the ofengaue said
am like no i am already making good enough money and i traveling the world ofengaue said
" i am Chambal like Scan no, i am already making good enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue Stacia said. "
" i Consumer am Appix like no, i am already making good enough money and Fagins i am traveling the world ofengaue said. "
" i am BRIEFS like no, i am already making good enough money and i am Sherri traveling Archived the world ofengaue said. "
" i am like no, Jaber i am Michael already making good enough money and i am traveling LoBello the world ofengaue said. "
" 1 am like no, i am already making good enough money and i am travel the world ofengaue said. "
" i am similar no, i am already making good enough money and i be traveling the world ofengaue say. "
" i am like no, i am already making ripe enough money and iodine am traveling the world ofengaue say. "
" i am like no, i am already making undecomposed enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said. "
0
"I can't make enough money to sustain my workforce said Cave, 69."
i cant make to money enough sustain my workforce said cave 69
i cant make enough money to sustain my said workforce cave 69
i cant make enough money 69 sustain my workforce said cave to
i cant sustain enough money to make my workforce said cave 69
i cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
i cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
i cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
" i can ' t make enough money to sustain Amritesh my workforce child said cave, 69. "
" Suk i can ' t make enough money to sustain fluorescent my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough Pedro money to sustain collaborator my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough Marc money candida to sustain my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough money to sustain my workforce allege cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough money to support my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough money to sustain my work force sound out cave, 69. "
2
"I certainly don't have enough money to live the way they do says Sadie Sanchez of suburban Philadelphia ""so it's just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day."""
i certainly dont have enough money day live the way they vicariously says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia so its just interesting to sort of do do it for to a
i certainly dont have enough money to live way the they of do sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia so its just interesting to sort says vicariously do it for a day
i certainly dont have the do to live enough way they do says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia sort its just interesting to so of vicariously money it for a day
i certainly dont do enough to to live the way they have says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia so interesting just its money sort of vicariously do it for a day
certainly dont have enough to live the they says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia so its just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a
i certainly have enough money to live way they do says sadie sanchez suburban its just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day
i certainly dont have money to live way do says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia so just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day
i certainly dont have enough to live the they do says sadie sanchez suburban philadelphia its just interesting to of vicariously it a day
" i certainly don ' t have Lienz enough money to live the way they do says sadie sanchez of suburban Lt philadelphia " " so it ' s Affin just interesting to SuperCenters sort of vicariously Shyra do it for a day. " " "
" Yoji i certainly Xelor don ' t have enough money to live the way they do says Faydra sadie Bareno sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to sort BALTIMORE of vicariously do it for a day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have Cranks enough Cuban money to live the way they Bhutt do tesla says Halle sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have enough money to live the way they do says sadie sanchez ImaGen of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to Bhaskar sort Material of vicariously do it Ndu for a Long day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have enough money to know the way they do tell sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously do information technology for a day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have got enough money to live the way they do says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously coiffe it for a day. " " "
" i sure as shooting don ' t have enough money to live the way they do says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so information technology ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a twenty four hours. " " "
" i for sure don ' t have decent money to live the way they make says sadie carlos the jackal of suburban philadelphia " " so information technology ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day. " " "
2
I declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it Scharping said.
i declared the money taxes the finance ministry and paid to on it scharping said
i declared the taxes to the finance ministry and paid money on it scharping said
i declared the ministry to the finance money and paid taxes on it scharping said
i declared the money taxes the finance ministry and paid to on it scharping said
i declared the money to the ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said
i declared the to the finance ministry paid taxes on it scharping said
i declared money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said
i the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said
oblique i declared the money border to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said.
i declared the VPNC money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on Nuclear it scharping said.
i declared the money to the finance ministry TRAVELLING and paid taxes Clifford on it scharping said.
i declared Cheech the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes bone on it scharping said.
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping aver.
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on information technology scharping said.
i declared the money to the finance ministry and yield taxes on it scharping said.
ace declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said.
2
"I did have a season with Kent but I couldn't make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990."
i did have a season with kent but couldnt i make enough money out of the game to that my wife and of he said adding support it was in his mind to give up the end when he returned home at the sport children 1990
give did have a season with kent but i couldnt make enough money out of the game to support he wife and children my he adding that it was in his mind to at up the sport when said returned home i the end of 1990
i did have a season kent but with i couldnt make of money out enough the game to support my wife and children he said adding that it was in his mind to give up the returned when he sport home at the end of 1990
i did have he season with kent but i couldnt make enough money out a the was to support my wife and children of said adding the it game in his mind to give up that sport when he returned home at the end of 1990
i did have a season with kent but i couldnt make money of the game to support my wife children he said adding that was in mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990
did have a season with kent but i couldnt enough money out of the game to support my wife and children he said adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home the end of 1990
i did have a season with but i couldnt make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children he said adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990
i did have a season with kent but couldnt enough money out of the game to support my and he said adding it was in his mind to give up sport when he returned home at the of 1990
" i Vernon did have a season with kent dyed but i couldn ' t make enough money out of the game to support my Ennio wife and children he said, adding Non that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home By at the Subway end of 1990. "
" i did have a season with kent but i couldn ' t make LHP enough money BIRTH out of the game to support my Teledyne wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to Carrius give up the sport Fiscal when he returned home at the Anupam end of 1990. "
" i did have caged a season with kent Kirk but i couldn ' t make enough Qualitative money out of the game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to give Embonor up the sport when he returned disdainful home at the Schroeders end of 1990. "
" i Amstel did Wexelberg have a season with kent but i couldn ' t make enough money out of the Hagafen game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in Tehelka his mind to give up the sport when he returned home Mudasser at the end of retailer 1990. "
" i do induce a season with kent but i couldn ' t make adequate money out of the game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990. "
" i did have a season with kent but ane couldn ' t make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children atomic number 2 said, adding that information technology was in his mind to give up the athletics when he returned home at the end of 1990. "
" i did have a time of year with kent but i couldn ' t make enough money out of the plot to support my wife and children he allege, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990. "
" i did have a season with kent but i couldn ' t make enough money stunned of the game to support my wife and children helium said, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he revert home at the end of 1990. "
2
"I didn't want to declare bankruptcy, but I swallowed my pride and took it said Eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job."
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy job the swallowed my pride and took it said eaker who left home ministry after 20 administrator to become a nursing i years then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his but
i didnt pride to declare bankruptcy after i a my want and took it said eaker who left the ministry heart 20 years to become swallowed nursing home administrator then suffered his first but attack at 52 and lost his job
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i swallowed then pride and lost it said eaker who left the ministry after 20 years took become a nursing suffered administrator my home his first heart attack at 52 and to his job
i didnt want to become bankruptcy but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker who left the ministry after 20 and to declare a nursing home administrator 52 suffered his first heart years at then attack lost his job
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i swallowed pride and took it said eaker who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker who left the ministry after 20 years to become a administrator then suffered his first heart attack at and lost job
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i my pride and took it said eaker who left the ministry after 20 years to become a home administrator suffered his first heart attack 52 and lost his job
didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i swallowed my and took it said eaker who left the ministry 20 years to become a nursing home administrator then suffered his first attack at 52 and lost his job
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took it said deHaan eaker, Endive who ONLY left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then Samsuddin suffered his first heart attack at 52 and Suisse lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my Arfin pride and ##.#in took it said eaker, who left Galleon the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack Aged at 52 and Baroda lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want AAH.AS to Phi declare bankruptcy, but Bairn i swallowed my pride and took ISHARES it said eaker, who left the ministry Rainier after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but SumoBrain i swallowed my pride and took RNase it said eaker, who Jacques left the ministry after 20 years to become TJ a Zeinal nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t desire to declare bankruptcy, simply i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first gist attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took it aver eaker, who leave the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his world class heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, only i swallowed my superbia and took it said eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, and so suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' metric ton want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took information technology said eaker, who leave the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his 1st heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
2
I don't have enough money to feed my eight children Michal said.
i dont have enough money my feed to eight children michal said
michal dont have enough money to feed my eight children i said
i dont children enough money to feed my eight have michal said
i dont have enough money to my feed eight children michal said
i dont have enough money to feed my eight children michal said
i dont have enough money to feed my eight children michal said
dont have enough to feed my eight children michal said
i dont have money to feed my eight children michal said
i don ' t have enough money to feed Daida my eight Duy children michal said.
i don ' t have enough money to feed my abs-cbnNEWS.com/Newsbreak eight children michal Shoprite said.
i don ' t Loliondo have enough money to Alex feed my eight children michal said.
i SAAD don ' t have Darkmoon enough money to feed my eight children michal said.
i don ' metric ton have enough money to feed my eight children michal say.
1 don ' t have enough money to feed my eight children michal tell.
i don ' t consume enough money to feed my eight children michal said.
i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate have enough money to fertilise my eight children michal said.
2
I don't make enough money and things are getting very expensive he said.
said dont make enough money and things are getting very expensive he i
i dont make enough money and things he getting very expensive are said
expensive dont make enough money and things are getting very i he said
i money make enough dont and things are getting very expensive he said
i dont make enough money and things are getting very expensive he
i dont make enough and getting very he said
i make enough money and things are getting very expensive he said
dont make enough and things are getting very expensive he said
i don ' t make Nolensville enough Brigadier money and things are getting very expensive he said.
i don ' ® t make enough Legent money and things are getting very expensive he said.
i don ' t make enough money and Bottleworks things are getting very expensive he JIANG said.
i don ' t make enough money and things Daryl are getting very eOptimize expensive he said.
i don ' t make enough money and things be getting very expensive he said.
i don ' t make enough money and things are getting real expensive he said.
i don ' t make adequate money and things are getting rattling expensive he said.
i don ' tetraiodothyronine make enough money and things are getting very expensive he said.
2
"I earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling."
i earn enough money said feed my children meat and chicken she to smiling
i feed enough money to earn my children meat and chicken she said smiling
i earn to money enough feed my children meat and chicken she said smiling
i earn enough money to and my children meat feed chicken she said smiling
i earn enough money feed my children meat and chicken she smiling
i earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said
i earn enough feed my children meat and chicken she said smiling
i earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said smiling
" trust i earn budding enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i earn enough compactable money to Allentown feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i earn enough money to feed my children loggerhead meat and Klokstad chicken she said, smiling. "
" Moneyfacts i earn enough money to feed my Audi children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i gain enough money to fertilize my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" ace earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" iodine earn enough money to feed my children essence and chicken she said, smiling. "
0
"I hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47-year-old, who works on a pest company truck in mostly Cuban-American areas of Miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis."
i been have enough money to pay the added and feed my family bills the 47 year old cuban works on a pest company truck in mostly who american areas of miami that have hardly the hit by hard housing and jobs crisis
i hardly truck enough money to pest the bills and feed my family added the 47 year old who works on a pay company have in and american cuban areas of miami that have been hard hit by the housing mostly jobs crisis
i hardly works enough money to pay the bills and feed hit family added the 47 year old who have jobs a pest company truck in mostly cuban american areas on miami that have been hard my by the housing and of crisis
i hardly have enough money to a the bills and feed my family added the 47 areas old who works on crisis pest company truck in mostly cuban american year of miami that have by hard hit been the housing and jobs pay
i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added 47 year who works on a company truck in mostly cuban american areas of miami that have been hard by the housing crisis
i have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 year old who works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban american areas of miami that been hard hit by the housing and crisis
hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added year old who works on pest truck in cuban american areas of miami that have hard hit by the housing and crisis
i hardly have money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 year old a pest company in mostly cuban american areas of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis
" i hardly have enough money to HAILS pay the bills and feed my Ile family added the 47 - year - old, who works on a pickup pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard By hit by the housing and Senator jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - impermeable old, who works Shelia on DeGeest a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that sumac have been hard hit by the housing and jobs AJ crisis. "
" i hardly have BIG enough money Tequila to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who Marv works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami persuadable that Loren have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and Atabay feed my family added the dynamos 47 - year - old, who works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american ICTSI areas Candace of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly get enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who works on a pest society motortruck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - previous, world health organization works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american area of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - twelvemonth - old, who works on a pest ship's company hand truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard smash by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" iodine hardly have decent money to pay the bills and run my family added the xlvii - year - old, who works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
2
I have always wanted to remain a resident of France and pay taxes here as one of France's wealthiest women she said.
i have wealthiest wanted to remain a resident of one and pay taxes here as france of frances always women she said
i have always wanted to remain taxes france of resident and pay a here as one of frances wealthiest women she said
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and said taxes one as here of frances wealthiest women she pay
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and pay as taxes here one of frances wealthiest women she said
i have always wanted to a resident of france pay taxes here as one of frances wealthiest women she said
have wanted to of france and pay taxes here as one of frances women she said
i have wanted remain a of france and pay taxes as one of frances wealthiest women she said
i have always wanted to remain a resident of and pay taxes as one of frances wealthiest women she
i have always wanted to Himaya remain a resident of france and Theatre pay taxes L. here as one of france ' s wealthiest women she said.
i british have Goran always wanted to remain a BLOOD resident of france and pay taxes here as one of france ' s wealthiest women she said.
i have always wanted to remain a resident of Paco france Glorias and pay taxes here as one of france ' s wealthiest women Sal she said.
i have always wanted Iizuka to remain a resident of france and pay taxes here as one of Ltd. france ' s wealthiest women Josh she said.
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and pay taxes here as one of france ' s wealthiest cleaning woman she said.
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and bear taxes here as one of france ' s moneyed women she said.
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and pay taxes here as one of france ' s affluent woman she said.
i have always wanted to stay a resident of france and pay taxes here as one of france ' s wealthiest women she said.
0
"I have not had to run around looking for a job because God has always looked out for me said Onigbinde, who until last July worked for the Trinidad and Tobago football federation."
i have not had to a worked looking for run job last god has always looked out for me said onigbinde who until because july around for the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not and to because around looking for a job run god last always looked out for me said onigbinde who until has july worked for the trinidad had tobago football federation
tobago have not had to run around who for always job because god has a looked out for me said onigbinde looking until last july worked for the trinidad and i football federation
i the not had because run around looking for a job to god has have looked out for me said onigbinde who until last july worked for always trinidad and tobago football federation
i not to run looking for a because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde who until july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not had run around looking for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde until last july worked the trinidad and football federation
have not had to around looking for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not to run around looking for a job because god has always looked for me said onigbinde who last july for the trinidad and football federation
" pagri i have not had to Ysterplaat run around looking for a job because god has always looked Jonah out for me said onigbinde, Your who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i have not had to run around Doosan looking 2wice for a job because god has always looked out for Jim me said onigbinde, who until Khawaja last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i have not had to run around looking for a job because god Digital has always Kaohsiung looked out for me said onigbinde, who until last july Ras worked for the trinidad and ROCKPORT tobago football federation. "
" i have not had to run around looking PASADENA for a Goetzis job because Looms god has always looked out Tri for me said onigbinde, who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" one consume not had to run around looking for a job because graven image has always looked out for me said onigbinde, who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i have not had to lam around looking for a job because god has always looked kayoed for me said onigbinde, who until final july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i have non had to run around look for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde, who until last july form for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" 1 have not had to run around looking for a job because god has always looked out for me say onigbinde, who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
0
"I have to pay taxes and this way, I know where my money is going she said."
i have to pay taxes and i way this know where my money is going she said
i know to pay taxes and this way i have where my money is going she said
i have to pay taxes and this way going know where my money is i she said
i have where pay taxes and this way i know to my money is going she said
i have to pay taxes and way i know where my money going she said
i have to taxes and this way where my money is going she said
i have pay taxes and this way i know where my money is going she said
i have to pay taxes and this way i know where my is going she said
" i have to pay Eugen taxes LEHMAN and this way, i know where my money is Tulsa going she said. "
" UND i have to pay uttermost taxes and this way, i know where my Techale money is going she said. "
" Tribeca i have Chitayat to pay taxes and Cam this way, i know where my money is going she said. "
" i have to pay Josef taxes and this way, i know where my money is going Turky she Pontone said. "
" i have to pay taxis and this way, single know where my money is going she said. "
" atomic number 53 have to pay taxes and this way of life, i know where my money is going she say. "
" i have to pay taxes and this way, i know where my money is fail she said. "
" i have to pay taxes and this way, unity know where my money constitute going she said. "
2
"I just hope I make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked Sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf."
i just hope i make enough money here she pay not bills the the couple of months joked sheehan who said to was tired of traveling though next of playing golf
i just hope i make enough was here to pay the playing the next couple of months joked sheehan who said she money tired of though traveling not of bills golf
just bills hope i make enough money here to pay the i the next of couple months joked sheehan who said she was tired of traveling though not of playing golf
i just playing i hope enough money here to not the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan who said she was tired of traveling though pay of make golf
i just hope i make enough money here to pay the the next couple of months joked who she was tired of traveling not of playing golf
i just hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan said she tired of traveling though not playing golf
i just hope i make money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked who said she was tired of traveling though not of playing golf
i just hope make enough money here to pay bills the of months joked sheehan said she was tired of traveling though not of playing golf
" i just hope Ladji i make enough money here Dimitroff to Ionut pay MacKechnie the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" i just hope i make enough Bankrupcy money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked 2Nite sheehan, steerable who Methodist said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" i just hope i make enough money here to pay fused the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was Matray tired of traveling, though not indelibly of playing Piper golf. "
" i just hope i Septime make enough money here to pay conforming the bills the next Castagno couple of months joked Racing sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" i just hope i make decent money here to pay the bills the next couple of month joked sheehan, world health organization said she be tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" single just hope one make enough money hither to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" 1 just hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next pair of months joked sheehan, who said she live tired of traveling, though not of take on golf. "
" atomic number 53 just hope i make enough money here to devote the federal reserve note the side by side couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
1
"I lent her 15,000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape PMI he said."
i lent she 15 000 which was to amount her needed the have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
i lent the 15 down which was her amount she needed to have 20 percent 000 and escape pmi he said
i lent her 15 000 percent was the amount she needed which have 20 to down and escape pmi he said
i lent her 15 000 escape was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down which and pmi he said
i lent her 15 000 which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
i lent her 15 000 which was the amount she needed have 20 percent down and
i her 15 000 which was the amount she needed have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
lent her 15 000 which was the amount she to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
" i lent her 15, 000, which was the focal amount she needed to have 20 ConvergeNet percent down and Manmohan escape pmi he said. "
" i lent her 15, 000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 CYMER percent down and escape pmi ICU he Anders said. "
" Flint i lent her 15, bob 000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and KELLY escape pmi he said. "
" i lent her tacos 15, 000, which was the tulad amount she needed to have Printed 20 percent down and escape pmi he said. "
" atomic number 53 lent her 15, 000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he aver. "
" i lent her 15, 000, which was the amount she want to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said. "
" one lent her 15, 000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said. "
" i lent her 15, 000, which cost the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said. "
2
I lost a bet on that Dowd said.
on lost a bet i that dowd said
i lost that bet on a dowd said
i lost a on bet that dowd said
i lost a bet dowd that on said
i a bet on that dowd said
i lost a bet on that dowd said
i lost a bet on that dowd said
i lost a on said
i lost a bet on that whippers dowd said.
i lost a bet on that ###MHz dowd said.
i lost a bet Moolaade on that dowd said.
i lost a bet on that Bob dowd said.
i lose a bet on that dowd said.
i lost a wager on that dowd said.
i lost a stake on that dowd said.
i lost a bet on that dowd say.
2
"I owe money she said, sobbing."
i owe money sobbing said she
i owe sobbing she said money
i owe money sobbing said she
i owe sobbing she said money
i owe money she said sobbing
i owe money said sobbing
i owe money said sobbing
i owe money she said sobbing
" i owe ONG money she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money Tijuana she said, sobbing. "
" i Manoa owe money she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money Adora she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money she say, sobbing. "
" i owe money she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money she said, sobbing. "
2
I received late payments while some people still owe me money she says.
i received late payments people some while still owe me money she says
i money late payments while some people still owe me received she says
says received late payments while some people still owe me money she i
owe received late payments while some people still i me money she says
i received late payments while some still owe me money she says
i received late payments while some people still owe me money she says
i received late while some people owe me money she says
i received late payments while some people still owe me money she says
i received late payments while some people still Alan owe Peter me money she says.
i received late payments while some people still owe Debra me money she Rembrandt says.
i received late payments while some people still owe me Defenceman money DISTRACTED she says.
##-#-## i received late payments while some people still owe me money totemic she says.
i received late payments while some people even so owe me money she says.
i received late payments while some people still owe maine money she says.
i have late payments while some people still owe me money she says.
i received late defrayment while some mass still owe me money she says.
2
I think they owe me money said Dolan.
i think they owe money me said dolan
i think they owe me said money dolan
owe think they i me money said dolan
i owe they think me money said dolan
i think they owe money said dolan
i think they owe me said dolan
think they owe said dolan
i they owe me money
i think they owe me receiver money said dolan.
i think they owe Peet me money said dolan.
i think they owe me AirTEL money said dolan.
i think they Tan owe me money said dolan.
i think they owe me money said dolan.
i think they owe me money said dolan.
i call back they owe me money said dolan.
i retrieve they owe me money said dolan.
1
"I tried everything but I'm still unemployed said Bassem, 37, a father of five from the Nahr al-Bared Palestinian refugee camp in northern Lebanon."
i tried everything but im still unemployed said camp 37 a father of five from the nahr palestinian bared al refugee bassem in northern lebanon
i tried everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father palestinian five refugee the nahr al bared of from camp in northern lebanon
i nahr everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of five from the tried al bared palestinian refugee lebanon in northern camp
i lebanon everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father bared five from the nahr al of palestinian refugee camp in northern tried
i tried everything im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of five from nahr al bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon
i tried everything but im still unemployed said 37 a father five from nahr al bared palestinian in northern lebanon
i tried but still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of five from the al bared refugee camp in northern lebanon
i tried everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of from the nahr bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon
" i tried everything but THENCE i ' m still unemployed Dias said bassem, 37, a father of five Condo from the nahr Kini al - bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
" Çevik i tried Zeus everything but i ' m EMKR still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five from the nahr al - bared palestinian cryovolcanism refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
" i tried everything but i ' m still ET unemployed compliant said bassem, 37, a father of five from the nahr al - bared INTERNATIONAL palestinian Alibozek refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
" i Durathon tried core everything but i ' WMM m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five from the genital nahr al - bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
" i tried everything simply i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five from the nahr al - bareheaded palestinian refugee pack in northern lebanon. "
" i try everything but i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five spot from the nahr al - bared palestinian refugee pack in northern lebanon. "
" atomic number 53 strain everything but i ' m still unemployed say bassem, 37, a father of little phoebe from the nahr al - bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
" i try everything but i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five spot from the nahr al - bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
2
"I tried to get my deposit of 6,000 back he says ""but by then the company had declared bankruptcy."""
i tried to back my deposit of 6 but get he says 000 by then the company had declared bankruptcy
i tried to get my deposit but 6 000 back then says of by he the company had declared bankruptcy
i tried to get my of deposit 6 000 back he says but by then the had company declared bankruptcy
000 tried to get my deposit of 6 i back he says but by company the then had declared bankruptcy
i tried to get my deposit of 6 he says by then the company had declared bankruptcy
i to get my deposit of 6 000 back he says but by then the company had declared bankruptcy
i tried to get my deposit of 6 back he says but by then the company had declared bankruptcy
tried to my deposit of 000 back he says but by then the company had declared bankruptcy
" i tried Ieng to get my Ayi deposit of 6, 000 back he says " " but by then StockPreacher.com the company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i tried to STARZ get my deposit of 6, 000 back President he says " " but by then the company Wealthy had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" Flying i tried to get my deposit of Avra 6, 000 Results back he says " " but by then the company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i tried Parkers to get my deposit of 6, 000 back he says " " but by lygus then Krystle the company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" ace tried to get my deposit of sise, 000 back he says " " but by then the company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i tried to flummox my deposit of vi, 000 back he says " " but by then the troupe had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i tried to get my bank deposit of 6, 000 back he says " " simply by then the company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i tried to get my depository of 6, 000 back he says " " but by then the company have declared bankruptcy. " " "
2
"I try to look for a job, I need to get my children she said."
i try to children for a job i need to get my look she said
a try to look for i job i need to get my children she said
i try a look for to job i need to get my children she said
i try to look for a children i need to get my job she said
i try to look for a job i to get my children she said
i try for a job i need to get my children she said
i try to look for a job i need to get my she said
i try to look for a job i need to get my children she said
" i ##Gb try Musamali to look for a job, i need to get my children she said. "
" i try to look for Crouch a job, i need to get Tamworth my children she said. "
" Memphis i try to look for tidal a job, i need to get my children she said. "
" i try McClures to look for a job, i envoy need to get my children she said. "
" i try to look for a job, i need to get my shaver she say. "
" i try to expect for a job, i need to get my children she said. "
" i try on to look for a task, i need to get my children she said. "
" i try to look for a job, i take to get my children she said. "
2
I was afraid Andrew Lloyd Webber was going to tell me I was fired Madonna said.
i was me andrew lloyd webber was going to tell afraid i was fired madonna said
i was afraid i lloyd webber was going to tell me andrew was fired madonna said
i was i andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me afraid was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd fired was going to tell me i was webber madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna said
i afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna said
i andrew lloyd webber was going to i madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going tell me i was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was firing going to tell me i was fired Cogoni madonna said.
source i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell Nursing me i was fired madonna said.
Indrit i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell Burgers me i was fired madonna said.
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going ALAN to tell me i was Marty fired madonna said.
i personify afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was terminate madonna said.
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna say.
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna tell.
i was afraid st. andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me unity was fired madonna said.
1
"I was billed for thousands of dollars he said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses."
i was billed for the of dollars he said still feeling the shock of thousands unexpected expenses
i was billed for thousands of dollars he said shock feeling the still of the unexpected expenses
i was billed for thousands of feeling he said still dollars the shock of the unexpected expenses
i was billed thousands for of dollars he said still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
i was billed for thousands of dollars he said still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
i billed for thousands of dollars he said feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
i was billed for thousands of dollars he said still feeling the of the unexpected
i billed for thousands of dollars he feeling the shock the unexpected
" i was billed for thousands of dollars P## he said, still UC.MI feeling the shock of the unexpected Asses expenses. "
" i was billed for thousands of dollars he Congo said, still feeling the Moats shock of the unexpected Shivo expenses. "
" i was billed for thousands of dollars he said, still feeling Gallia the shock of the candlelit unexpected Piney expenses. "
" i was billed for thousands DRAWN of dollars he said, still feeling the Khatiwala shock of the unexpected Thang expenses. "
" i was billed for thousands of dollars helium said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
" unity was billed for thousands of dollars he said, still feeling the jounce of the unexpected expense. "
" i was billed for thousands of dollars atomic number 2 said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
" i be bill for m of dollars he said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
2
"I was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgery said Kelsey Lind, a 13-year-old 4-H troop member."
i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she said have the lind could kelsey surgery a 13 year old 4 h troop member
i was h we could raise enough money so that she could surgery the have said kelsey lind a 13 year old 4 hoping troop member
i lind hoping we could raise enough money so that she was have the surgery said kelsey could a 13 year old 4 h troop member
i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgery year kelsey lind a 13 said h 4 old troop member
was hoping we could raise enough money so that could have the surgery said kelsey lind a 13 year old 4 h troop member
i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgery said kelsey lind a 13 year old 4 h troop member
i was hoping we could raise enough money that she could have the surgery said kelsey lind a 13 old 4 h troop member
i was hoping we could enough money so that she could have the surgery said kelsey lind a 13 old h troop member
" i was hoping we RW could raise enough money so that she Jeff could have the surgery said Sebastien kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h bagong troop member. "
" i was MDFI hoping we could raise enough money AXM so that she could have STEFAN the surgery Mamdani said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h troop member. "
" i regulator was hoping we could raise enough hematological money so that she could have the Fishin surgery said Kennebec kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h troop member. "
" i Wacom was hoping we could raise enough money so that #,# she could Requirements have the surgery said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old PSMJ 4 - h troop member. "
" i be hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the operating theater said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h troop member. "
" i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could induce the surgery sound out kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h troop member. "
" i equal hop we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgical process said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old four - h troop member. "
" i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgical procedure said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - erstwhile 4 - planck's constant troop member. "
1
I was told that I was fired because I spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i of told that i was because fired i spoke badly was my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying
boss was told of i was fired because i spoke badly that my i and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying
i quoted told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she saying was as was
i was told that i was fired because i my badly of spoke boss and began saying against him she was quoted as mudslinging
i was told that was because badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as
i was told that i was fired because i badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was as saying
i was told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying
i was told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as
sandwich i was told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging BiLevel against him she Dayna was quoted as saying.
i was told that Larry i was Ken fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as YHOO saying.
i was told Chavez that i was fired because i spoke JAYCEES badly of my boss and began PHXnews.com mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i was told that i Shairs was Cory fired because i spoke badly of my total boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i was told that i be fired because i address badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i was told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i was told that i was fired because 1 spoke badly of my hirer and start mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i was severalise that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
2
I was unemployed said a 50-year-old former carpenter.
i was unemployed carpenter a 50 year old former said
i was unemployed said a old year 50 former carpenter
unemployed was i said a 50 year old former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 carpenter old former year
i was a 50 year old former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 year former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 year former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 year old former carpenter
i Jack was unemployed untethers said a 50 - year - old former carpenter.
i was Khairiah unemployed said a 50 - year - old Kawoya former carpenter.
i was unemployed NBA said a 50 - year - back.The old former carpenter.
i was unemployed said a grafitti 50 - year - old former OF carpenter.
i was unemployed say a 50 - year - old former carpenter.
i was unemployed said a 50 - class - former former carpenter.
i was unemployed tell a 50 - year - old former carpenter.
i live unemployed said a 50 - year - honest to god former carpenter.
2
I worked as a teacher for 40 years and I don't have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
i worked funeral as teacher for 40 years and i dont have enough money to pay for my a he said
money worked as a teacher for 40 years and i funeral have enough i to pay for my dont he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 for and i dont have enough money to pay my years funeral he said
a teacher as i worked for 40 years and i dont have enough money to pay for my funeral he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i dont have enough money to pay for my funeral he said
i worked a teacher for 40 years and i dont have enough money to pay my funeral he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i have enough money to pay for my funeral said
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i have enough money pay for my funeral he said
i worked as a lege teacher for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money Freshman to pay Bruno for my funeral he said.
i spokesman worked as a teacher for 40 years and i don ' tomato t have enough money to pay for my Unique funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for hooped 40 years Ohn and i don ' t have Aweys enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
Cento i separatist worked as a teacher for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral ASTRID he said.
i worked as a instructor for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral helium said.
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral helium allege.
i puzzle out as a teacher for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for twoscore years and i don ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
2
"I worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and press appearances, and I come home and I owe money! he said."
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a including not day school and press appearances and i come owe and i home money he said
i said hard for 10 11 not a day hours including school and press appearances and i come home and i owe money he worked
and worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school i press and and i come home appearances i owe money he said
i worked hard for 10 11 hours day a money including school and press appearances and i come home and i owe not he said
i hard for 10 11 hours a day not school and press appearances and come home and i owe money he said
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school appearances and i come home and i money he said
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school and press appearances and i come and i owe money he said
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school and press appearances and i come home i owe money he said
" i worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, stinging not including Col school and press TALBOTS appearances, and i come home crumbed and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard Encharter for 10, Stewart 11 hours Trivani a NORTON day, not including school and press appearances, and i come home and i owe money! he said. "
" i Tyberg worked hard for 10, 11 Chalo hours a day, not including nicknamed school John and press appearances, and i come home and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for Primate 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and press James appearances, and Marut i come home Strike and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including schooltime and public press appearances, and i come home plate and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and insistence appearances, and one come home and i owe money! atomic number 2 said. "
" single worked knockout for 10, 11 hours a day, not including schooling and press appearances, and one come home and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and press appearances, and i come menage and one owe money! atomic number 2 said. "
2
I would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if Cathay had followed the law Li told the Post.
i would being have to face the humiliation and social stigma of not the if cathay had followed the law li told unemployed post
i would not have unemployed face the humiliation and social stigma of being the if cathay had followed to law li told the post
stigma would not have to face the being and social i of humiliation unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post
i would not have to unemployed followed humiliation and social stigma of being face if cathay had the the law li told the post
i would not have to face the humiliation and stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed law li told post
i would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if had followed the law li told the post
i would have to face the humiliation and social of being unemployed if cathay had followed the li told the post
i would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post
i would not have to face the humiliation Chili and social stigma of being unemployed if Le cathay had followed the law li told feng the post.
i would not have to face affected the Canadian humiliation and social stigma Barthelson of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post.
i would not have to face the humiliation and Anne social stigma Ahold of being unemployed if cathay Esti had followed the law li told the post.
i would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed comic if cathay bicycle had followed the law attorney li told the post.
1 would not make to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post.
i would not experience to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if people's republic of china had followed the law li told the military post.
i would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if mainland china make followed the law li told the post.
i would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post.
2
"I'd like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says ""and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start another."""
id like to make enough money to get my brother have another through college he says and then and enough left to over keep running this business or start me
id like to make enough money to start my brother and me enough college he says and running have through left over to keep then this business or get another
id like to make enough money to get to have and me through college he says and then brother enough left or my keep running this business over start another
id like start make enough running to says my brother and me through college he get and then have enough left over to keep money this business or to another
like to make enough money to get my and me through college he says and then have enough left over to running this or start another
id like to enough money to get my and me through college he says and then have enough left over to keep running this or start another
id to make enough money to my brother me through college he says and then have enough left over to keep running this business or another
id like make enough money to get my and me college he says and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start another
" i ' d like snatched to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says " " and Kuntoro then have enough BestFares.com left over Bijoy to keep running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to federal make enough Bekaert money to get my brother and me through college seaside he says " " and then have enough left over SriLanka to keep running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to AVDC make Miss enough money to get my brother and me through spoilage college he says " " and then Slade have enough left over to keep running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to make enough Montrice money to get my Stine brother and me through college he says " " and then have enough left over to keep SAFER running this business or start Desaguadero another. " " "
" i ' viosterol corresponding to hit enough money to get my brother and me through college he says " " and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' cholecalciferol like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he state " " and then have plenty left over to keep running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to make enough money to get my chum and me through college he says " " and then take in enough left over to keep running this business organization or start another. " " "
" i ' d same to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says " " and and then have enough leave over to keep running this stage business or start another. " " "
1
"If a guy owes me money and I want my money, that doesn't make me an extortionist said Provenzano, sitting in the home office of his spacious Bergen County home, a copy of Elia Kazan's On What Makes A Director by his side."
if a guy owes extortionist money and i want doesnt money that my me make an me said provenzano sitting in the home makes of his spacious bergen county home a copy of elia kazans on what office a director by his side
if a guy owes elia money and i want makes money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano sitting in the home office home his spacious bergen county of a copy of me kazans on what his a director by my side
if a guy owes me money and i want my money that on make me an his home provenzano sitting in the home office of extortionist spacious bergen county said a copy of elia what doesnt kazans makes a director by his side
if a guy owes by money and i want my money make kazans that me sitting extortionist said provenzano an in the home office of his spacious bergen county home a copy of elia doesnt on what makes a director me his side
if a owes me money and i want my money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano in the home office of his spacious bergen county home a copy of elia kazans on what makes a director by his side
if a guy owes me money and i want my money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano sitting the home office his spacious bergen county home a copy of elia kazans on what makes a director by side
if a guy owes me money and i want my money that make me an extortionist said provenzano in the home office of his bergen home a copy of elia kazans what makes a director by side
if a guy owes me money and i my money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano sitting in the home office of his bergen county home a copy of elia kazans on makes a director by his side
" if a guy owes me money and i want my money, Mariposa that Shahabeddin doesn ' t novelist make me an extortionist said provenzano, Ruth sitting in the home office of his Camren spacious bergen county home, a copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director Mohammad by his side. "
" if a guy owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make Thirunavukkarasar me Scatterday an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the Utility home office of his NBC spacious bergen county Clemmens home, Cheryl a copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his side. "
" yapper if a guy Jessica owes Amon me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make me an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home Nathan office of his spacious bergen Antonio county home, a copy of elia kazan ' s on what snuffs makes a director by his side. "
" if a guy owes me money Barnby and i want my money, that doesn ' t make me an Diesis extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home office of his bow spacious bergen county home, a Femto copy of elia kazan ' caramel s on what makes a Telegraphy director by his side. "
" if a guy rope owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make me an extortioner said provenzano, sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home, a copy of elia elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his side. "
" if a guy owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' thyroxin make me an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home, a written matter of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his side. "
" if a guy owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make me an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home, a copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his face. "
" if a guy cable owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate make me an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home post of his spacious bergen county nursing home, a written matter of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his side. "
1
"If I go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said Durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the American Association of Retired People and credit unions."
if i people terms bankruptcy a court can renegotiate is terms on my labor condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the into on my home said durbin whose plan the backed by vacation and civil rights groups the american association of retired go and credit unions
if on go into bankruptcy prohibited court can renegotiate the the on my vacation condo but is a from renegotiating terms terms i my home said durbin whose plan is backed by labor unions civil rights groups the american association of retired people and credit and
if i go into bankruptcy a court can the unions terms on my people condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin whose plan american backed by labor and civil rights groups renegotiate is association of retired vacation and credit the
if i the into bankruptcy home court can renegotiate the terms on condo vacation my but is prohibited from renegotiating is terms on my a said durbin whose plan the backed by labor and civil rights groups go american association of retired people and credit unions
if i go into bankruptcy a can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin whose plan is backed by labor and rights groups the american association of retired people and credit unions
if i go into bankruptcy a court can renegotiate the terms on my condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups the association of people and credit unions
if i go a can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited renegotiating the terms my home said durbin whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups the american association of retired people credit unions
if go into a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups the american association of retired people and credit unions
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can Businesses renegotiate the Nichola terms shuout on my vacation condo but is prohibited Guitar from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil Prudential rights groups, the american association of retired people accuracy and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the Julie terms on my vacation condo but is O'Connor prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, Dominique whose plan is Boiled backed by labor and civil rights groups, Radnor the american association of Tattoo retired people and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court PHILLIP can renegotiate the terms SLiC on my vacation Hurricanes condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, kitschy whose plan is backed by Sulu labor and arduous civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" if i go HSBC into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but Visit is prohibited from renegotiating the terms DOWNERS on my home said durbin, whose overal plan is Havier backed by labor and Documental civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" if ane go into failure, a homage can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can renegociate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose plan is backed by british labour party and civil rights mathematical group, the american tie of retired people and mention unions. "
" if one go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condominium but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home sound out durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the term on my home say durbin, whose program is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
1
"If I had enough money, I could buy a whole division Basayev told me."
if i had could money i enough buy a whole division basayev told me
if i had enough buy i could money a whole division basayev told me
if i had enough money a could buy i whole division basayev told me
if money had enough i i could buy a whole division basayev told me
if had enough i could buy a whole division basayev told me
if i had enough money i could buy a whole division basayev told me
if i enough money i could buy a whole division basayev told me
if i had enough money i could buy a whole division basayev told me
" if i had enough money, i could buy ##nm a whole division basayev ARAB told me. "
" defender if i had Scheveningen enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev told me. "
" if i CAPITAL had enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev told FARNBOROUGH me. "
" if i Smallbore had enough money, celebrity i could buy a whole division basayev told me. "
" if i had adequate money, i could buy a unscathed division basayev told me. "
" if i had enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev told pine tree state. "
" if i had decent money, i could corrupt a whole division basayev told me. "
" if i have got enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev told maine. "
1
"If they give me enough money, I would raise it Fortenberry said."
if they give said enough money i would raise it fortenberry me
if they give it enough money i would raise me fortenberry said
if they give me i money enough would raise it fortenberry said
if me give they enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
if give me enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
if they give me enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
if they give me enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
if they give me enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
" Contactmusic if they give me enough Rostam money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if Anders they Jim give me enough money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if they give me enough money, frontpages i would raise it Kat fortenberry said. "
" if they give me enough money, Explore i would raise it fortenberry BY said. "
" if they give me decent money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if they give me enough money, i would raise it fortenberry say. "
" if they give me enough money, 1 would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if they pay me enough money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
1
"If you have been fired, as I have been, you realize it doesn't mean you can't do the job Torre said."
if have been you fired as i have been you realize it doesnt mean you cant do the job torre said
if job have been fired as i have been mean realize it doesnt you you cant do the you torre said
if you have it fired as i the been you realize been doesnt mean you cant do have job torre said
said you have been fired as i have been you cant it doesnt mean you realize do the job torre if
if you have been fired as i been you it doesnt mean you cant do the torre said
if you have been fired as i been you realize it doesnt mean you cant do the torre said
if you have been fired as i have been you realize it doesnt mean you do the job torre said
if you have fired as i have been you realize it doesnt mean you cant do the job said
" if you have been Amaru fired, as i have FirstBest been, you realize it doesn ' t Japanese mean you can ' t do the job torre said. "
" if sabhadhipati you have been fired, as i have Valle been, you realize it doesn ' t Wandering mean you can ' t do the job torre said. "
" if you have been fired, as Whois i have been, you realize it doesn ' t Scott mean you can ' t do the job torre male said. "
" if you orthopedic have been fired, Gander as i have been, you realize Sumedh it doesn ' t mean you can ' t do the job torre said. "
" if you have been fired, as i have been, you realize it doesn ' t average you can ' t do the job torre said. "
" if you have been fired, as i make been, you realize it doesn ' t mean you can ' t do the job torre say. "
" if you have been fired, as i have been, you substantiate it doesn ' t mean you can ' t do the task torre said. "
" if you have been fired, as i have been, you agnise it doesn ' t mean you can ' t do the job torre said. "
2
I'm debating whether to pay the bill said Rodriguez.
said debating whether to pay the bill im rodriguez
the debating whether to pay im bill said rodriguez
im debating whether to pay said bill the rodriguez
rodriguez debating whether to pay the bill said im
im debating whether to pay the rodriguez
im debating whether to pay the bill said rodriguez
im whether to pay the bill said rodriguez
im debating whether to pay said rodriguez
Globalizing i ' m debating whether to pay the Peruvians bill said rodriguez.
i ' m THE debating whether to pay the bill said VOTES rodriguez.
SARAH i ' m debating whether to TAIPEI pay the bill said rodriguez.
i ' m debating Joshua whether to pay Gersham the bill said rodriguez.
i ' m debating whether to pay the bill said rodriguez.
i ' mb debating whether to pay the bill say rodriguez.
unity ' m debate whether to pay the bill said rodriguez.
i ' g debating whether to pay the bill said rodriguez.
1
I'm forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice I eat every day he told The Jakarta Post on Wednesday.
im forced to told money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he owe the jakarta post wednesday on
im forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice wednesday every eat day he told the jakarta post on i
im forced to money owe to a vendor for eat rice i the every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday
im forced to owe money to a eat for the rice i vendor every post he told the jakarta day on wednesday
im forced to owe money to a vendor for rice i eat day he told the jakarta post on wednesday
im forced owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he told the post on wednesday
im forced to owe money to a vendor for rice i eat every day he told the jakarta on wednesday
im forced owe money to a for the rice i eat every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday
i ' Nicky m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he exëvo told the jakarta post XcelaSAN on wednesday.
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice wrists i eat every day he told the jakarta Bazelon post on Gabe wednesday.
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor sancocho for the rice Okere i Jatayu eat every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday.
i ' Murray m forced to owe money to a CALLER vendor for the rice i eat every day he told the jakarta Sebastião post on wednesday.
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he tell the jakarta post on wednesday.
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice one eat every day he told the djakarta post on wed.
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he secern the jakarta military post on midweek.
i ' m forced to owe money to a trafficker for the rice ace eat every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday.
2
"I'm Hank Azaria, and, yes, I lost a bet Azaria says."
im and azaria hank yes i lost a bet azaria says
says hank azaria and yes i lost a bet azaria im
im says azaria and yes i lost a bet azaria hank
im hank lost and yes i azaria a bet azaria says
im hank azaria and yes i lost a bet azaria says
im hank and yes i lost a bet azaria says
hank azaria and i lost a bet azaria
im hank azaria and yes i lost bet azaria says
" i ' m hank azaria, and, yes, By i lost a bet azaria Rebecca says. "
" i ' Group m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria STAGECOACH says. "
" i ' Heparin m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost sponsor a bet azaria says. "
" i ' m pearls hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria Governor says. "
" i ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a wager azaria says. "
" i ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria say. "
" 1 ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria says. "
" one ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria says. "
2
I'm not sure how much money I have Griffin replies.
im not how sure much money i have griffin replies
im not sure how much money i replies griffin have
im not sure how much money have i griffin replies
replies not sure how much money i have griffin im
im not sure how much money i have griffin replies
im not sure how money have griffin replies
im not sure much money i have griffin replies
im not how much i have griffin replies
nautical i ' m not sure how much money effluent i have griffin replies.
i ' m not sure CHECKING how much money i have deadly griffin replies.
Faroque i ' m not sure how much Sincil money i have griffin replies.
Ashley i ' m not sure how much money imprecatory i have griffin replies.
iodin ' thou not sure how much money i have griffin replies.
i ' m not sure how much money iodin feature griffin replies.
i ' m not sure how much money i have griffin response.
i ' m not sure how much money 1 have griffin replies.
2
I'm not worried about paying the bills the soft-spoken Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder said.
im not worried spoken paying the bills the soft about los angeles dodgers outfielder said
im not worried the paying the bills about soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
im not angeles about paying the bills the soft spoken los worried dodgers outfielder said
im not worried about paying the bills said soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder the
im not about paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
im not worried about paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
im not worried about paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers said
im not worried about paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder
i ' m Athabasca not worried about paying the bills the soft - farcically spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
i ' m not worried about paying the bills the C soft - spoken los angeles Malicious dodgers outfielder said.
i ' m not worried midfielder about paying the bills the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers Hanlan outfielder said.
BORUSSIA i ' m not worried about paying the bills the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder i said.
i ' m not worried about paying the bills the mild - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
ace ' m not worried about paying the bills the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder say.
i ' m not worried astir paying the bills the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder say.
i ' m not worried astir paying the measure the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
0
I'm on a fixed income now and some disability says the retired Verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
im on a time income now and some disability says the retired verizon a who suffered operator stroke about the same fixed her husband passed away
im away a her income now and some disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time fixed husband passed on
im on a fixed income husband and some disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her passed now away
im on a fixed income now passed some disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about away same time her husband and the
im on a fixed income now and some disability the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away
im on a fixed income and disability says the retired verizon operator who a stroke about the same time her husband passed away
im on a fixed income now and disability says the retired verizon who suffered a stroke about time her husband passed
im on a fixed income and some disability says the retired verizon operator suffered a stroke about the same her husband passed away
i ' m on a Xanax fixed income now and some disability says the retired verizon operator nclude who Lammer suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
i ' m on a Muick fixed income now and some SALES disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband superintelligent passed away.
Cambodia i ' m on RNZCGP a fixed income now and some disability says the retired Reiny verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
i ' Infratest m on a fixed income now wife and some disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about Amir the same time her husband passed away.
i ' m on a rigid income now and some disability says the retired verizon wheeler dealer world health organization suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
i ' m on a fixed income now and some impairment says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her married man passed away.
i ' m on a fixed income now and some disability says the retired verizon operator world health organization suffered a stroke astir the same time her husband passed away.
i ' m on a fixed income now and some disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the like clip her husband passed away.
2
I'm on a fixed income Stone said.
im on a income fixed stone said
im on fixed a income stone said
im on a stone income fixed said
fixed on a im income stone said
im on a fixed income stone said
im on a fixed income
im on a fixed income stone said
im on a fixed income stone said
i ' m on crews a fixed income stone said.
i ' m Longhi on a fixed income stone said.
i ' m on a carpet fixed income stone said.
i ' m on a fixed income dealth stone said.
i ' m on a fixed income isidor feinstein stone said.
i ' grand on a fixed income stone said.
single ' m on a fixed income stone said.
i ' m on a fixed income harlan f. stone said.
2
"I'm ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe me he said."
me the to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights ready money they owe im he said
im money to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my ready the rights they owe me he said
im he to stop the war tomorrow if they give the my rights me money they owe me ready said
im ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights the said they owe me he money
im ready to stop the tomorrow if they me my rights the money owe he
im ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights the money they owe me he said
im ready to stop the war tomorrow if give me my rights the money they owe me he said
im ready to the war if they give me my rights the money they owe me he
" i ' m ready to stop the war tomorrow if they MODEST give me my rights, the money ###M they owe me Darkon he said. "
" i ' m ready to stop the war tomorrow wirelessly if they Stratos give me my rights, Brooks the money they owe me he said. "
" i ' m ready to stop the war Syt tomorrow if they give me Enol my rights, qui the money they owe me he said. "
" i ' m ready Surley to stop the war LANDOWNER tomorrow if they happenes give me my rights, the money they owe me he said. "
" i ' mib ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give maine my rights, the money they owe me he said. "
" i ' m ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe me helium said. "
" i ' m ready to block off the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe maine he said. "
" i ' m ready to stop the warfare tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe maine atomic number 2 said. "
2
I'm tired of being unemployed in January Seau said.
im of tired being unemployed in january seau said
im january of being unemployed in tired seau said
being tired of im unemployed in january seau said
im tired in being unemployed of january seau said
im tired of being unemployed in january seau
im tired being unemployed in january seau
im tired of being unemployed in january seau said
im tired of being unemployed in january seau said
i ' m Ariza tired of Makkar being unemployed in january seau said.
i ' m tired of 6am being unemployed in Pilgrimage january seau said.
i ' OptiTex m tired WiredSafety of being unemployed in january seau said.
i ' m Shigeki tired of Techzone being unemployed in january seau said.
i ' m tired of being unemployed in january seau said.
i ' m wear of being unemployed in january seau aver.
i ' megabyte tired of make up unemployed in january seau said.
i ' chiliad tired of be unemployed in january seau said.
2
"It would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should I want to next year Rose said."
it would be nice to make little money to have the opportunity to play here a enough bit more should i next to want year rose said
it would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more should i want to next year rose said
it would be nice to make want money to have the here to play opportunity a little bit more should i enough to next year rose said
it would be to to make nice money enough have the opportunity to play here a little bit more should i want to next year rose said
it would be nice to make enough money to the opportunity to play here a little bit more should i want to next year rose said
it would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little more should i want to next rose said
it would be nice make enough money to have the opportunity to here a little more should i want to next year rose said
it would nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more should i want to next rose
" it would be nice to spokesman make enough money to have Smash the opportunity to play here a little bit more, cramping should i want to next Hyun year rose said. "
" it would be nice to make enough money Rukun to Bishop have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should i Hochheim want to next Vandalur year rose said. "
" it would be Muggles nice to make enough money to have the Golovich opportunity to play here a little bit more, should Berlin i want to next year rose NUTSHELL said. "
" it LRAD would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, thеѕе should i want CityGames to Akina next year rose said. "
" it would be overnice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should i want to next year rose said. "
" it would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to dally here a little bit more, should i want to adjacent year rose said. "
" it would represent nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should i want to next year rose read. "
" it would be nice to make adequate money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should i want to next year arise sound out. "
1
"It's six months now that I have been looking for a job and I am ready to accept anything now says Bozena, 25."
its bozena months now that i have been looking for six job and i am ready to accept anything now says a 25
its six months now that i have been looking for now job and i bozena ready to accept anything a says am 25
now six months its that i have looking been for a job and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena 25
its six months now to i have been looking for a job and i am ready that accept anything now says bozena 25
its six months now that i have looking for a job and i am ready to anything now says bozena 25
its six months that i been looking for a job and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena 25
its six months now that i have been looking for job and i am to anything now says
its six months now that i have been looking for a job and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena 25
" it ' s six months now that i have been looking for a job and Soaring i Joe am ready Bella to accept anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now introverted that i have been looking for a job and i am ready Surin to accept marinated anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' Como s six months now that i have been looking for boss a job and i am ready to accept Seung anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months Doan now that i have been looking for a job dressage and i am ready to accept anything now competative says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now that i have embody looking for a job and i am ready to accept anything now say bozena, 25. "
" it ' s sixer months immediately that i have been looking for a job and i am ready to take anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now that i have constitute looking for a job and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena, twenty five. "
" information technology ' s six months now that i receive been looking for a job and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena, 25. "
2
"I've been looking for a job for four months said 60-year-old Kiyoshi Ohno, who was searching for work at an employment center in Tokyo."
ive been looking for a job for four months said 60 who old kiyoshi ohno an was searching for work at year employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for a at for said months four 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work job an employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for job a for ohno months said 60 year old kiyoshi four who was searching for work at an employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for a job for four months kiyoshi 60 year old an ohno who was searching for work at said employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for a job for four months said 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work at employment center
ive been looking for a job for four months said 60 year kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work at an employment center tokyo
ive been looking for job for four months said 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work at an employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for a for four months said 60 year ohno who was searching work at an employment center in tokyo
" i ' ve been looking for a job Force for four Denell months NY said 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was Suhrhoff searching for work at an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for four Newsweek months said 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was searching for Borneo work Kislovodsk at an employment center Kogenate in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for four months said 60 - Hermann year - largely old kiyoshi ohno, who was striker searching for work at an employment XMC center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking WEBCAST for a job for four Ziai months said 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was searching for work at rhodes an employment center Drumcree in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for quaternity months say 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was searching for work at an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for four months said 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who represent look for for work at an usage center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for four months enounce lx - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who make up searching for work at an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for four months tell 60 - year - honest to god kiyoshi ohno, who was searching for work at an usage center in tokyo. "
2
"I've still got a mortgage to pay, that's why I was out there doing it the father-of-one told BBC Radio."
was still got a mortgage to pay thats why i the out there doing it ive father of one told bbc radio
ive it out a mortgage to pay thats why i was got there doing still the father of one told bbc radio
ive there got a mortgage to pay out why i was thats still doing it the father of one told bbc radio
ive still mortgage a got to pay thats why i was father there doing it the out of one told bbc radio
ive still got a mortgage to pay thats why i was out there doing it the father of one bbc radio
ive still got a mortgage to pay thats why i was out there doing it father of one told bbc radio
ive still got mortgage to pay thats why i was out there doing it the father of one told bbc radio
ive still got a mortgage pay thats why i was out there it the father of one told bbc radio
" i ' Brit ve still got a John mortgage to pay, Palin that ' s Juara why i was out there doing it the father - of - one told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve still got a Joe mortgage to pay, that ' s tw why i Search was out there Timothy doing it the father - of - one told bbc radio. "
" Funniest i ' ve still got a Glyn mortgage to pay, that ' s why i was out there doing it the Mahesh father - of - one Census told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve still got a mortgage to Daniel pay, that ' s EXPIRATION why i was out there doing it PodCasts the father - of - one told Ludtke bbc radio. "
" ace ' ve still got a mortgage to pay off, that ' s why i was out there doing it the father - of - unrivalled tell bbc radio. "
" 1 ' ve nonetheless got a mortgage to pay, that ' s why i was verboten there doing it the father - of - one told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve still buzz off a mortgage to pay, that ' s why iodin was out there doing information technology the father - of - single told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve still got a mortgage to pay, that ' s wherefore iodine was out there doing it the father - of - one told bbc radio. "
2
I've worked 17 years and I was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in November 1999 she said.
ive worked 17 years and she was fired from the national publications was when it office streamlined in november 1999 i said
ive worked 17 years and i was fired streamlined the national she office when it was from in november 1999 publications said
ive worked 17 years and i was fired from the was publications office in it national streamlined when november 1999 she said
ive worked 17 years and i from fired was the national publications november when it was streamlined in office 1999 she said
ive worked years and i was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in 1999 she said
ive worked 17 years and i was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said
ive worked 17 years and i was fired from the national office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said
ive worked 17 and i fired from the office when was streamlined in november 1999 she said
i ' ve worked 17 Russ years and i was fired from the national publications office when it KRISTEN was streamlined in november 1999 BEAUFORT she said.
i ' ve worked 17 years and i was fired from the national publications Khandaker office when it was streamlined ###GB in november 1999 she Prosinecki said.
i ' ve worked 17 years and i was fired Angelena from the national publications office when it 'S was streamlined in Impoco november 1999 she said.
i ' YHCC ve worked 17 years and i was fired candidats from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 Dubba she said.
i ' ve act upon 17 years and i was fired from the national publications office when it personify streamlined in november 1999 she said.
i ' ve worked 17 years and one was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said.
i ' ve worked 17 years and i be fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in nov 1999 she said.
i ' ve worked 17 years and i be fire from the national publication office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said.
2
Maybe I can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said.
earn i can maybe enough money to buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can earn enough bicycle to buy a money she said
i maybe can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said
maybe i bicycle earn enough money to buy a can she said
maybe i can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can money to buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can earn money buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can earn Rallied enough money Mara to buy a bicycle she said.
maybe Zwicker i can earn enough money to buy Adam a bicycle she said.
maybe i can Perpetual earn enough money to Transpo buy a bicycle she said.
maybe i Myun can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she Association said.
maybe i can earn adequate money to grease one's palms a bicycle she said.
maybe iodine can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said.
possibly i can make enough money to buy a bicycle she said.
maybe i can garner decent money to buy a bicycle she said.
1
My career is over and I'm currently unemployed Axelsson told the Gothenburg-Posten daily in November.
unemployed career is over and im currently my axelsson told the gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over and im currently posten axelsson told the gothenburg unemployed daily in november
my career is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told the in posten daily gothenburg november
my career is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg posten november in daily
my career is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told gothenburg posten daily in november
my is over and im currently unemployed axelsson gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over im currently unemployed axelsson gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over and i ' m currently unemployed axelsson NASDAQ told the gothenburg - posten daily Shivela in november.
my career is over pedicle and Jennifer i ' m currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career Justice is over and Lae i ' m currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career is over and i ' m Lecht currently unemployed axelsson Tonya told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career is over and i ' m currently unemployed axelsson secern the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career is over and i ' mb currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my calling is over and i ' m currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career is over and i ' m currently unemployed axelsson tell the gothenburg - posten everyday in november.
2
"My information was that I was not allowed to have a domicile in Germany, or I would have to pay taxes Becker said."
my information was that a was not allowed to have i domicile in germany or i would have said pay taxes becker to
my information was that i or not to to have a domicile in germany was i would have allowed pay taxes becker said
my would was that i was said allowed to have a domicile in germany or i information have to pay taxes becker not
my that was information i was not allowed to have a domicile taxes germany or i would have to pay in becker said
my information was that was not allowed have a domicile in germany or i would have pay becker said
my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany or i would have to pay becker said
my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany or i would have to pay taxes becker said
my information was that i not allowed to have a domicile in or i would have to pay taxes becker said
" my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany, or Yoshiaki i would have SO to -####.# pay taxes becker said. "
" Mitzman my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany, or i would have millenarian to pay taxes RB becker said. "
" my information was that i was not allowed Paul to have a domicile in germany, or i Amparai would have to pay taxes Mountain becker said. "
" my information was that i was not Namkeen allowed to have Stanislas a domicile in germany, Lm1 or i would have to pay taxes becker said. "
" my information was that i was non allowed to have a domicile in deutschland, or i would have to pay taxes becker said. "
" my information was that ace was not allowed to have a abode in germany, or i would have to pay taxes becker said. "
" my entropy was that i was not allowed to hold a domicile in germany, or i would have to pay taxes becker said. "
" my information was that i was not permit to have a domicile in germany, or i would have to pay taxes becker said. "
1
"Now I'm unemployed and I'm worried I'll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father's pension is not enough said Mohammed, who holds a degree in social work."
now im militants and im worried ill go back to the unemployed for financial reasons said enough aged fathers pension is not my because mohammed who holds a degree in social work
now im unemployed and mohammed worried ill go back degree the militants for financial reasons because social aged fathers pension is not enough said im who holds a to in my work
now im unemployed and im worried ill not back to the militants for because enough financial my aged fathers pension is go reasons said mohammed who holds a degree in social work
now im unemployed and work worried ill go is because the militants for financial reasons to my aged fathers pension back not enough said mohammed who holds a degree in social im
now im unemployed worried ill go back to the militants for financial reasons because my fathers pension is not enough said mohammed who holds a degree in social work
now im unemployed and im worried ill go back to the militants for financial aged fathers pension is not enough said mohammed who holds a degree in work
now im unemployed and im worried ill go back to the militants for financial reasons because my aged fathers pension is not enough said mohammed who holds degree in social work
now im unemployed and im worried ill go back to the militants financial reasons my aged fathers pension is not enough said mohammed who holds a degree in social work
" now Craig i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll go back to El the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not Massachusetts enough said mohammed, who holds systemic a degree in social unionists work. "
" maker now McAfee i ' m unemployed and i ' Parmasters m worried i ' ll go Schallenberger back to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not enough said Prof mohammed, who holds a degree in social work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' millionaire m worried i ' ll go back to the Dove militants for financial reasons, because my aged father ' CA s pension is not enough Cynthia said mohammed, who holds a degree in social Macier work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' Enrique m worried i ' ll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my Abdul aged counterpart father ' s Maidan pension is not enough said mohammed, who holds a degree in social Slurpee work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my of age church father ' s pension is not enough pronounce mohammed, world health organization holds a degree in social work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll lead back to the militants for fiscal reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not enough said mohammed, who holds a degree in societal work. "
" now i ' molar concentration unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll go back to the activist for financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is non enough said mohammed, who holds a degree in social work. "
" nowadays i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried atomic number 53 ' ll go backward to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not plenty said mohammed, who holds a degree in social work. "
2
So you're saying I shouldn't have to pay taxes on the tools I have to bring to my job? he asked.
so asked saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes on he tools i have to bring to my job the youre
so youre saying i to have to pay to on the tools i have shouldnt bring taxes my job he asked
so i saying i shouldnt have to pay tools on the taxes youre have to bring to my job he asked
so youre saying i shouldnt have to pay have on the tools i taxes to bring to my job he asked
so youre saying i shouldnt have pay taxes on the tools i have to bring to my job he
so youre saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes the tools i have to bring to my job he
so saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes on the tools i have to bring to my job asked
so youre saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes on the tools have to bring to my job he asked
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have to pay taxes Unrealized on the tools i have to bring pag to my job? he Canda asked.
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have to pay taxes Ingrown on the tools i have NCAA to bring to my job? he Renata asked.
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have to pay Neha taxes on the tools i Shin have to Svetlana bring to my job? he asked.
so you ' re saying Site i shouldn ' t have to Salamat pay taxes on the green tools i have to bring to my job? he asked.
thus you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have to pay taxes on the cock i have to bring to my job? he asked.
indeed you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have to pay taxis on the tools i have to bring to my book of job? he asked.
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t let to pay off taxes on the tools i have to bring to my job? he ask.
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' thyroxine have to pay taxes on the tools i suffer to bring to my job? he asked.
1
Some people still want to know why I was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation Griffiths said.
some is still want to know stain i was fired and as long as that question people unanswered there remains a why on my reputation griffiths said
some people still want to know why i was fired and question long as that as is unanswered reputation remains a stain on my there griffiths said
some people still why to know want i a fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains was stain on my reputation griffiths said
some my still want to know why i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains people stain on a reputation griffiths said
some people still want to know why i was fired and as long as question is unanswered there remains on my reputation griffiths said
people still want to know why was and as long as that question is unanswered remains stain on my reputation griffiths
some people still want to know why i was fired and as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said
some still want to know why i was and as long as that question is there a stain on my reputation griffiths
some people still want Liban to know why i was fired and as long as that question is Greener unanswered there remains a stain on Prosecutor my reputation griffiths said.
some people Seatruck still want to know why i was fired and as long as that question is ceiling unanswered there remains a stain on Fkiri my reputation griffiths said.
some people still Shia want to know why i was fired and MARIA as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation Hara griffiths said.
some defender people still want to know why i was fired and as long Qadhafi as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my Wadzinski reputation griffiths said.
some people still want to know why i was open fire and as long as that query is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said.
some people still require to know why i was fired and equally long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said.
some people still want to know wherefore i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation david lewelyn wark griffith said.
some people even desire to know why i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered thither remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said.
2
"The houses I rent out were damaged, I had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52-year-old Waranya Thongdee."
the houses i year out months damaged i had to spend my own money over about seven or eight were to renovate them said 52 rent old waranya thongdee
the houses i rent out were damaged waranya had to spend my own money i about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 year old over thongdee
the houses i damaged out were rent waranya had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 year old i thongdee
the houses i rent out were old i had to spend own my money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 year damaged waranya thongdee
the houses i rent out were damaged i had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 year old waranya
the houses i rent out were damaged i had to spend my own money over seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 year old waranya thongdee
the houses i rent out were damaged i had spend own money over about eight months to renovate them said 52 year old waranya thongdee
the houses i rent out were damaged i had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to them said 52 old waranya thongdee
" Olla the houses i rent out were damaged, i had to spend my CEO own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 - GSK year - old waranya Julius thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out were damaged, i had to spend my amman own money over about seven or Todd eight months to renovate them said tying 52 - year - old waranya snarled thongdee. "
" GEICO the houses i Sony rent out were damaged, i KU had to Home spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
" golfing the houses i% rent out were damaged, i had to spend my own money over about seven or eight digit months to renovate them said 52 - year - old Alissandratos waranya thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out be damage, i had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them say 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
" the house i rent out were damaged, i had to spend my own money over about seven beaver state eight months to renovate them said 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out were damaged, i get to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to recreate them said 52 - twelvemonth - sure enough waranya thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out were damaged, i have to pass my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
2
"Unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars Trump continued ""I made my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have known, I never filed for bankruptcy."" "
unlike seminars other people that make real money your many trump continued i made my money in their estate and as giving reporter should have known i never filed for bankruptcy
unlike continued make people that other their money giving seminars trump many i made my known in real estate and as your reporter should have money i never filed for bankruptcy
unlike many other people made have their money giving seminars trump continued i that my money for real estate and as your reporter should make known i never filed in bankruptcy
my many other people that make their filed giving seminars trump continued i made unlike money in real estate bankruptcy as your reporter should have known i never money for and
unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars continued i made my money in real estate and as your reporter have known i never filed bankruptcy
many other people that make their money giving seminars continued i made my money in real and as your reporter should have known i filed for bankruptcy
unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued made my money real and as your reporter should have known i never filed for bankruptcy
unlike other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued i made my money in real estate and as your reporter should have known i filed for
" unlike many other Consim people that make their money DSVC giving seminars trump continued " " i made my Larry money in real estate and, as your reporter should Laura have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued " " i made my AaronGleeman.com money alleluia in real Crazy estate and, as your reporter should have known, Katarina i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" CentraCore unlike PARK many other people that make their Pan money golf giving seminars trump continued " " i made my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many cloves other people that make their money tao giving Mahalo seminars trump continued " " i made my money in real Bimpe estate and, as your reporter should have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money give seminar trump continued " " i made my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have know, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued " " i made my money in real estate and, as your newsperson should have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued " " i make my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have know, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many former people that build their money giving seminars trump continued " " i made my money in real land and, as your reporter should have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
0
"When I left, I didn't have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said."
when piece left i didnt have enough money to buy a single i of hard candy for my he sons said
when i left i didnt have enough money to buy hard single piece of a said for my sons he candy
when i he left didnt have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons i said
when i left single didnt have hard money to buy a i piece of enough candy for my sons he said
when i left i didnt have enough money to buy a single of hard candy for my sons he said
i left i didnt have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he
when i left i didnt have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said
when i left didnt money to buy a single of hard candy for my he said
" when i left, Fatha i didn ' t have Raife enough icicle money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said. "
" Cathar when i left, i didn ' t have enough money Inc. to buy a single BY piece of hard candy for my sons he said. "
" Blanco when i left, i didn ' t have enough peach money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons Mutumba he said. "
" when i left, i didn ' t have enough money Bob to buy Closely a single piece of hard candy for my Quiz sons he said. "
" when i left, i didn ' t have adequate money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said. "
" when i left, i didn ' t have adequate money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons atomic number 2 said. "
" when single left, i didn ' t have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said. "
" when unity left, i didn ' triiodothyronine have enough money to buy a unmarried piece of hard candy for my sons he said. "
2
"Although the house is damaged, I am thankful to Allah that we are safe. "
although the house i damaged is am thankful to allah that we are safe
although the house is damaged i am thankful to safe that we are allah
although the am is damaged i house thankful to allah that we are safe
that the house is damaged i am thankful to allah although we are safe
although the house is damaged i am thankful to allah that we are safe
although the house damaged i am thankful to allah that we are safe
although the house is damaged i am thankful to allah that we are safe
although the house is damaged i am thankful to allah that we are safe
" although the house Dick is damaged, i am thankful to allah that we are Ajai safe. "
" although the house is damaged, i am Casset thankful WBLM to allah that we are safe. "
" although the house is damaged, m.poynt.com i Franchising am thankful to allah that we are safe. "
" although the house is Greater damaged, i am thankful to Jonathan allah that we are safe. "
" although the house is damaged, i am thankful to allah that we are good. "
" although the house be damaged, i am thankful to allah that we are safe. "
" although the mansion is damaged, i am thankful to allah that we be safe. "
" although the house be damaged, i am thankful to allah that we are safe. "
2
"An old guy in a bar in Las Vegas, N.M., still owes me money: I bet on the Lakers in game 2, he bet on the Pistons."
an old guy in a bar n las vegas in pistons still owes me money i bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on the m
an m guy in a bar money las vegas n old still owes me in i bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on the pistons
an me guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes i money old bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on the pistons
n old guy in a bar in las vegas pistons m still owes me money i bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on the an
an old guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes me money i bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on the pistons
an old guy in a bar n m still owes me money i bet on the lakers in 2 he bet on the pistons
an old guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes me i bet on the game he bet on the pistons
old guy in bar in las vegas n owes me money i bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on the pistons
" an old guy in a angst bar in las vegas, n. m. , Boncek still owes Netpal me money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, he bet CEO on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a bar spokesman in Childrens las vegas, sky n. m. , still owes me money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, he Pushak bet on the pistons. "
" Idgah an old Laertes guy in Shinzon a bar Debra in las vegas, n. m. , still owes me money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a bar NewsApril in las vegas, n. m. , still owes Callisto me money: CACERES i VIDEO bet on the lakers in game 2, he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a bar in las vegas, n. grand. , still owes pine tree state money: i bet on the lakers in game two, he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a bar in las vegas, n. m. , nevertheless owe pine tree state money: i bet on the lakers in secret plan 2, he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a bar in la vegas, n. m. , still owes me money: i stakes on the lakers in game 2, he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy rope in a ginmill in las vegas, n. m. , still owes me money: i bet on the lakers in biz 2, helium bet on the pistons. "
2
"And if I won this week, that's enough money."
and if i won this week money enough thats
and if i thats this week won enough money
this if i won and week thats enough money
and if i won thats week this enough money
and if i won this thats money
and if i won this week thats enough money
and if won this week thats enough money
and if i won this week enough money
" and if Louis i won this week, CANCER that ' s enough money. "
" and if Caralee i won this week, that ' s enough Ovu money. "
" and if Justin i won this week, that ' Nicole s enough money. "
" and Hydraulic if Sotik i won this week, that ' s enough money. "
" and if i gain this week, that ' s enough money. "
" and if i succeed this week, that ' s enough money. "
" and if 1 won this calendar week, that ' s enough money. "
" and if i win this week, that ' s enough money. "
1
"And with my luck, I'd get audited."
audited with my luck id get and
audited with my luck id get and
and with get luck id my audited
get with my luck id and audited
and with my luck id get audited
and with my luck id get audited
and with luck id get audited
and with my luck id get audited
" and Loyle with my luck, Mikiel i ' d get audited. "
" financial and with my Arya luck, i ' d get audited. "
" and with my luck, Wilsons i ' d Supachai get audited. "
" and with CBSSports.com my luck, i ' d Iain get audited. "
" and with my fortune, i ' d get audited. "
" and with my luck, i ' d get audited. "
" and with my luck, i ' d get audited. "
" and with my luck, i ' d get audited. "
1
"Asked about what she will do next, she said: ""I'm looking for a job because I'm jobless."""
what about asked she will do next she said im looking for a job because im jobless
asked im what she will do next she said im looking for a job because about jobless
asked for what she will do next she said im looking about a job because im jobless
asked about what looking will do next she said im she for a job because im jobless
asked about what she will next she said im looking for a job because im jobless
asked about what she will do next she said im looking for a job because im
about what she will do next she said im looking for a because im jobless
asked what she do next she said im looking for a job because im jobless
" asked about what she will do next, she Mercator said: " " uncle i ' m looking for a job because Temin i ' m jobless. " " "
" asked discombobulated about what she will do next, she Laguna said: " " i ' m Adeel looking for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
" Mina asked about what she will do CANTERBURY next, she said: " " i ' m looking for a job Debra because i ' m jobless. " " "
" asked about what she will do next, she Inc said: " " i ' m looking Cynthia for a job because suitcase i ' m jobless. " " "
" asked about what she will perform next, she said: " " i ' m appear for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
" asked about what she volition do next, she said: " " iodine ' m looking for a job because atomic number 53 ' m jobless. " " "
" asked about what she leave perform next, she said: " " iodin ' m looking for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
" asked about what she testament do next, she said: " " i ' m looking for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
2
"Builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and I don't know when I'm going to get it back. "
200 already owe me more than builders million yuan 29 million and i to know when im going dont get it back
builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan dont 29 and i million know when im going to get it back
builders already owe me more going 200 million get 29 million and i dont know when im than to yuan it back
builders already owe yuan dont than 200 million me 29 million and i more know when im going to get it back
builders already owe me more than 29 million and i dont know im going get it
builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million and dont when im going to get it back
builders already owe me more than 29 million and i dont know when im going to get it back
builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million and i dont know when im going to get it
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan Shelley 29 million, and Kre i don ' t know when Surety i ' m going to get it back. "
" ODP builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don ' t know ¢ when i ' m baseboard going to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 rogaine million, and i don ' t know when i ' m Magnificent going Attas to get it back. "
" builders Osowitt already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and Mojtaba i don ' t know when southernmost i ' m going to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don ' t know when i ' m going to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don ' t make out when i ' m going to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don ' t know when i ' molarity go to get information technology back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and ane don ' t know when i ' molarity going to get information technology back. "
2
But I have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i have been my unemployed engineer since an enterprise closed
since i have been an unemployed engineer but my enterprise closed
but i have been enterprise unemployed engineer since my an closed
but my have been an unemployed engineer since i enterprise closed
but i been an unemployed engineer since my closed
but i have been unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed
but have been an engineer since enterprise closed
but i been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed
but i Chris have been NKOREA an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i Balfours have been an unemployed engineer Acura since my enterprise closed.
but i have been an unemployed engineer Chasing since my enterprise TSX closed.
but i have been an Aaron unemployed Olymel engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i have embody an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i birth been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
simply i have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
just i have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
2
"But if I stay healthy, I'll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living."
but if i to healthy ill be able stay pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
but ill i stay healthy if be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
but if i stay healthy ill be able to living my bills and earn a pretty good pay
ill if i stay healthy but be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
but if i stay healthy ill be able pay my bills and a pretty good living
but if i stay healthy ill be able pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
but if i stay healthy ill be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
but if i stay healthy be able to pay my bills a pretty good
" but if i stay Astra healthy, i ' ll be able to pay my bills and Hyldgaard earn Alkazi a pretty good living. "
" but if i stay healthy, i ' ll be able Norwest to pay Javier my bills and earn a MICHAEL pretty good living. "
" but if i stay healthy, paracetamol i ' ll be able to pay my bills and Waynad earn a Pozzo pretty good living. "
" Qtv but if i stay Thisdell healthy, i ' ll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty Miomir good living. "
" merely if ane stay healthy, i ' ll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty unspoilt living. "
" but if i stay healthy, one ' ll personify able to pay my greenback and earn a pretty good living. "
" simply if i stay healthy, i ' ll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty in force living. "
" but if i stay healthy, i ' ll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty upright living. "
1
"But I've got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players. "
players ive got enough money and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some but
but ive got enough get and we got some flexibility where we can go out and money some players
get ive got enough money and we got some flexibility where we can go out and but some players
but ive got enough money and we got some flexibility where get can go out and we some players
but ive got enough money and we some flexibility where we can go out and get some players
but ive got enough money and we got some flexibility we go out and get players
but ive got enough money and we some flexibility where we can go out get some players
ive got enough money we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players
" but i ' ve got enough money, and Stefanie we got some flexibility where we can Pir go out and get some Authority players. "
" but i ' ve got BETTER enough money, Liu and we got some flexibility where we can go out Kosuke and get some players. "
" but STRINGER i ' ve Jimmie got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out unoperational and get some players. "
" but i ' ve got enough money, and we official got some flexibility where we Kaboodle.com can go out and Sino get some players. "
" just i ' ve got enough money, and we got some flexibleness where we can go out and get some players. "
" but i ' ve got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players. "
" only i ' ve got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players. "
" just ace ' ve got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can buy the farm out and get some players. "
0
"Club officials could not be reached for comment, but ANSA quoted Simoni as saying ""It's true, I have been fired."""
its officials could not be reached for club but ansa quoted simoni as saying comment true i have been fired
club officials could not be ansa for comment but reached quoted simoni i saying its true as have been fired
its officials could not be reached for comment but ansa quoted simoni as i club true saying have been fired
could officials club not be quoted for comment but ansa reached simoni as saying its true i have been fired
club officials not be reached for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its true i been
club officials could not be reached for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its true i have been
club officials could not be reached for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its true i have fired
club officials could not be for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its true have been fired
" club Dan officials could Petit not be reached for MALDINI comment, Bumpkins but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " it ' s true, i have been fired. " " "
" club officials Sally could not be reached for comment, but Nathalie ansa quoted simoni as Noise saying " " it ' Gavin s true, i have been fired. " " "
" club officials could not be reached for comment, but ansa quoted simoni KARL as saying " " withdrawal it ' s true, Johannes i have Bellway been fired. " " "
" club officials could Dil not be reached for comment, UTAH but ansa quoted Koolyanobbing simoni as Danderson saying " " it ' s true, i have been fired. " " "
" club officials could not be reached for comment, but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " it ' s true, i get make up fired. " " "
" club officials could not be reached for comment, merely ansa quoted simoni as saying " " information technology ' s true, i have embody fired. " " "
" guild officials could not be reached for comment, but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " it ' s true, iodin have been fired. " " "
" club officials could not exist reached for comment, but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " information technology ' s true, i have been fired. " " "
2
"Declaring I've not been fired, Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov said Tuesday that high-level scientific and economic exchanges with the United States will survive President Boris Yeltsin's Cabinet shakeup."
russian ive not been fired declaring foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that yeltsins level scientific and president exchanges with the united states will survive economic boris high cabinet shakeup
declaring not ive been fired russian foreign minister yevgeny with said tuesday that high level scientific and economic yeltsins primakov the united states will survive president boris exchanges cabinet shakeup
cabinet with scientific been fired russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level not and economic exchanges ive the united states will survive president boris yeltsins declaring shakeup
declaring ive foreign primakov fired russian not minister yevgeny been boris tuesday that high level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president said yeltsins cabinet shakeup
ive not been fired foreign yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level scientific and exchanges with the united states will survive president yeltsins cabinet shakeup
declaring ive not been fired russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov tuesday that high level scientific and exchanges with united states will survive president boris cabinet shakeup
declaring ive not been fired russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris yeltsins cabinet
declaring ive not fired russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level and economic exchanges with the united states survive president boris yeltsins cabinet shakeup
" declaring i ' ve not Fazlul been viagra fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - trés level Labrador scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that Gong high - level scientific and economic exchanges Talla with the united states killing will survive president boris yeltsin ' Doug s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign FreeBalance minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday Hashemipour that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states Antonios will geomorphological survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring Littlehale i ' robotic ve not been journal fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - Sandhills level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not be fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states volition survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - floor scientific and economic exchange with the united states will survive chairman boris yeltsin ' s console shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian extraneous minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris yeltsin ' s console shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - level scientific and economic exchange with the united states will survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
0
Even if we qualify I will go and look for a job.
even if we qualify go will i and look for a job
even if i qualify we will go and look for a job
even if i qualify we will go and look for a job
even if we qualify i will job and look for a go
even if we qualify i will go and look for a job
even if we i will go and look for a job
if we qualify i go look a job
even we qualify i will go and look for a job
even if Kabul we qualify i will go ADCs and look for a job.
even deeply if we qualify i will go Powburn and look for a job.
even if we housebreaking qualify i will go and look for Elmar a job.
HMK even if we qualify i will Inventories go and look for a job.
even if we qualify i will go and look for a job.
even if we qualify i will pop off and look for a job.
even if we qualify i will go and search for a job.
even if we qualify i will go and wait for a job.
1
"Gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled Presumed Ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: ""I guess I'll see if the IRS meets those high standards when I get audited."" "
i whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will be about gregory said i guess ill see if the irs meets those high standards when lawyers get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant see meets about lawyers said i guess ill will if the irs be those high standards when i get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will be about lawyers said i guess when see if the ill meets those high standards irs i get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will when about lawyers said i audited ill see if the irs meets those high standards be i get guess
whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will be about lawyers said i guess ill see if the irs those standards when i get audited
gregory next book tentatively titled will be about said i guess ill see if the irs meets high standards when i get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will about lawyers said i guess ill see if irs those high standards when i audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will be about said i guess ill if the irs meets high standards when audited
" SALEH gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " Lendman i guess i ' Older ll see involing if the irs meets those billionaires high standards when i get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be UNC about lawyers, Pijls said: " " rubber i guess i ' ll see LCDTV if the irs shabby meets those high standards when i get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be Katherine about lawyers, said: " " i guess polychlorinated i ' Meadowcrest ll see if the irs meets those high standards when Terri i get Shushan audited. " " "
" gregory, Sanjay whose Cage next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i guess i ' Nonet ll see if the Mankita irs meets those high Maisnam standards when i get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i guess i ' ll see if the irs meets those high standard when i come audited. " " "
" gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed unknowing, will be about lawyers, said: " " i guess one ' ll see if the irs meet those high criterion when i get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose side by side book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i guess i ' ll see if the irs meets those high standards when i get audit. " " "
" gregory vii, whose next book, tentatively titled take for granted ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i surmisal atomic number 53 ' ll see if the irs meets those high pitched standards when i get audited. " " "
1
Guess what happened? I got audited.
what guess happened i got audited
guess i happened what got audited
got what happened i guess audited
guess what happened i got audited
what happened i got audited
guess what happened i got audited
guess what happened i got audited
guess happened got audited
guess Maura what happened? i got audited.
guess what happened? Pt i got audited.
TJ guess what happened? i got audited.
guess what happened? i got Thimister audited.
guess what happened? i got inspect.
guess what happen? i got audited.
guess what chance? i got audited.
guess what happened? i got audit.
2
Half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half is to do with Ivan because my house was badly damaged and I have no insurance.
half is my mind of on the events of this week and the other half with to do because ivan is my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance
half of my mind is on the events and this week of the do half is to other with ivan my because house was badly damaged and i have no insurance
half my my mind is on the events of this week no the do half is to other with ivan because of house was badly damaged and i have and insurance
week of my mind is on the events of this the and half other half is to do with ivan badly my house was because damaged and i have no insurance
half of my on the events of this week and the other half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance
of my mind on the events this week and the other is to do with because my house was damaged i have no insurance
half of is on the events this week and the other half is to do with ivan because my house was badly and i have no insurance
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half to do with ivan because house was badly damaged and i have insurance
half of my mind is on Machias the events of this hydrochloride week and the other half is to do with THEY ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no Jai insurance.
half of DEAR my mind is on Justice the events of this week and the Jacques other half is to do JOHN with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and Estrogen the Wilfred other DRGG half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i Sulan have no insurance.
half of my mind is on Dirar the Honda events of this week and the other half is James to do with ivan because my house was Dr badly damaged and i have no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the former half is to serve with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the former half is to do with ivan because my house be badly damaged and i have no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half is to do with ivan because my house be badly damage and i have no insurance.
one half of my mind is on the effect of this week and the other half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and 1 have no policy.
2
"He says, Oh my gosh, what am I going to do? I'll file for bankruptcy. "
he says oh my gosh what am i going to do ill for file bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what ill i going to do am file for bankruptcy
he am oh my gosh what says i going to do ill file for bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what am i going to file ill do for bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what am i going to do file for bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what am i going to file for bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what am i going to do file for
he oh my gosh what am going to do ill file for bankruptcy
" he Eastburns says, oh my snapper gosh, what am i going to do? i ' ll file Hezb for bankruptcy. "
" genetically he says, oh Kelsey my gosh, what am i going to do? i ' ll Tasha file for bankruptcy. "
" he says, oh my Starring gosh, what am i Azzam going Slicer to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" raped he Edwards says, Schilhabel oh my gosh, what am i going to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" he enounce, oh my gosh, what personify i going to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" he says, oh my gosh, what am i going to make out? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" helium says, oh my gosh, what am i going to do? i ' ll charge for bankruptcy. "
" he says, oh my gosh, what represent 1 going to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
1
"Her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included I lost a bet with Tipper and If Dan Quayle did it, how hard could it be?"
her 10 top reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet with tipper if and dan quayle did it how hard could it be
her top i reasons for appearing on the show included 10 lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did how it hard could it be
her top i reasons for appearing hard the show included 10 lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it how on could it be
her how 10 reasons for appearing on the show hard i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it top included could it be
her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet and if dan quayle it how hard could it
her top 10 reasons for appearing the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if quayle did it how hard could it be
her 10 reasons for appearing on the show i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it how could it be
her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it how hard could be
" her top contractors 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet with mаkе tipper and if dan quayle did it, how Cell hard Limavady could it be? "
" Afzali her top 10 Pretty reasons for appearing on MUNICIPAL the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it, how storm hard could it be? "
" her top 10 reasons for Misterton appearing on the Authority show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it, Bismillah how hard could Dr. it be? "
" her top Kunden 10 reasons for Marketforce appearing on the show included Trefusis i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it, how hard could Abdoulie it be? "
" her top 10 reasons for appear on the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it, how hard could it comprise? "
" her top ten reasons for appearing on the display included i lost a bet with tipper truck and if dan quayle did it, how hard could it be? "
" her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did information technology, how hard could information technology be? "
" her top tenner reasons for appearing on the show included atomic number 53 lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it, how hard could it be? "
2
"Hopefully, I'll play well this week and I'll have enough money to pay them."
hopefully ill this well play week and ill have enough money to pay them
hopefully ill play well this week and ill have enough money to them pay
hopefully ill play well this week and ill enough have money to pay them
money ill play well this week and ill have enough hopefully to pay them
ill play well this week and have enough money to pay them
hopefully ill play well this week and ill have enough money to pay them
ill play well this week and ill have enough money to pay them
hopefully ill play well this week ill have enough money to pay them
" hopefully, Edmond i ' ll Bataan play well this week and i ' ll have fallacious enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, i ' ll play Pathological well this week receiver and i ' ll have enough money Bergen to pay them. "
" JEX hopefully, i ' ll play well this week Bishopscourt and i ' ll have enough Tarulli money to pay them. "
" Johnny hopefully, ANASTASIA i ' ll infallible play well this week and i ' ll have enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, atomic number 53 ' ll play well this week and i ' ll suffer enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, i ' ll play well this week and i ' ll have enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, i ' ll play well this hebdomad and atomic number 53 ' ll have enough money to pay up them. "
" hopefully, atomic number 53 ' ll play well this week and i ' ll have enough money to pay them. "
1
How much was my home damaged? Can I come back? Were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm?
can much was my home damaged how i to back were beach houses at this or that location able come withstand the storm
how much was my home damaged houses i come back were beach at can this or that location able to withstand the storm
how much was my home or can i come back were beach houses at this to that location able damaged withstand the storm
how much was my home able can i come back location beach houses at this or that were damaged to withstand the storm
how much was my home damaged can i come back were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm
much was my home damaged can i come back were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm
how much was my home damaged can i come back were beach houses at this that able to the storm
how much was my home damaged can i come back were houses at this or location able to the storm
how much was my home damaged? can i come back? were beach houses at this or that Acute location able Judge to withstand e the storm?
how much was my home damaged? DBFS can i come back? were beach houses at this or that location EVITA able to withstand the Windows storm?
how much was my home damaged? can i come back? were beach houses SCS at this or BASF that location able Gary to withstand the storm?
how much was my home tonightâ damaged? can i come back? were beach houses at this or that location Cognac able to withstand Slabtown the storm?
how much was my home damaged? can i come in back? were beach houses at this or that location able to resist the storm?
how much was my home damage? can i come back? be beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm?
how much was my home damaged? can i come back? were beach star sign at this or that location capable to withstand the storm?
how much make up my home damage? can i come back? were beach houses at this or that location able to resist the storm?
2
I am not looking for a job.
i am not looking a for job
for am not looking i a job
i job not looking for a am
i job not looking for a am
i am not looking for a job
i am not looking for a job
i am not looking for a job
i am not looking for job
i am not arthroscopic looking for a job.
i am not looking for a TripAdvisor job.
i am lull not looking for a job.
Named i am not looking for a job.
i am non looking for a job.
i am not looking for a occupation.
i am not looking for a job.
i am not front for a job.
0
I am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent.
i am not sure if we will rent have enough money to pay the still
i am not sure if we will have still enough money to pay the rent
i to not sure if we will still have enough money am pay the rent
i am not have if we will still sure enough money to pay the rent
i am sure if we still have enough money to pay the rent
i am not sure if still have enough money to pay the rent
i am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent
am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent
i am not sure if we will Varroa still have enough money to pay Stupid.com the rent.
i am supergiant not sure if we will still have enough money to Faye pay the rent.
i am not Chemical sure if we will still have VideoGuard enough money to pay the rent.
i Leadoff am not sure if we will rigged still have enough money to pay the rent.
i am not sure if we volition still have adequate money to pay the rent.
i am not certain if we will still have enough money to pay the rent.
i am not sure if we volition still have enough money to pay off the rent.
i am not sure if we will still possess enough money to pay the rent.
2
I am ready to get into the family life and think I've accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i properly ready to get into the family life and think ive accumulated enough money to raise them am
i am properly to get into the family life and think ive accumulated enough money to raise them ready
i am ready to get into money family life and think ive accumulated enough the to raise them properly
i am ready money get into the family life and think ive accumulated enough to to raise them properly
i am to get the family life and think ive accumulated enough money to raise them properly
i am ready to get into the family life and ive enough money raise them properly
am ready to into the family life and ive accumulated enough money to raise them properly
i am ready get into the family life and think ive accumulated enough money to raise them properly
silver i Jose am ready to get into the family life Kal and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i am Jens ready Mihaylo to get into the family life and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to Adrienne raise them properly.
i am ready to SHEPPARD get into OneConnect the family life and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to Steuben raise them properly.
i am Kancheepuram ready to get into the family life husband and think Dr. i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
atomic number 53 am ready to convey into the family life and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i am ready to get into the folk life and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i am quick to start into the family life and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i exist ready to get into the family life and think i ' ve hoard enough money to raise them properly.
1
I am really surprised to hear that I was fired.
i hear really surprised to am that i was fired
i really am surprised to hear that i was fired
i am hear surprised to really that i was fired
i am really hear to surprised that i was fired
i really surprised to hear i was fired
i am really surprised to hear i was fired
i really surprised hear that i was
i am really to hear that i was fired
i NECN am really surprised to Rathmullan hear that i was fired.
i am really surprised Hollis to civet hear that i was fired.
i • am really surprised to hear Exploration that i was fired.
i am really Swine surprised SANsymphony to hear that i was fired.
iodine am really surprised to hear that i be fired.
i am really surprised to hear that i embody provoke.
i am really surprised to hear that i embody arouse.
i am really surprised to hear that i be give the axe.
2
I can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when I couldn't pay the bills.
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity off couldnt cut and when i gas pay the bills
i can tell you about when my phone and electricity and gas cut off i having couldnt pay the bills
i can tell phone about gas my you and electricity and having cut off when i couldnt pay the bills
i can you i about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when tell couldnt pay the bills
i can tell you about having phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldnt pay the bills
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldnt pay the bills
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off i couldnt pay the bills
i can tell about having my phone electricity and gas cut off when i couldnt pay the bills
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut Buskey off when i couldn ' t 9a pay Sylvie the bills.
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity sweater and gas cut off when i voicetracking couldn ' t pay the Dr. bills.
Ibell i can tell you about having my phone and auxiliary electricity and Waldemar gas cut off when i couldn ' t pay the bills.
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off braised when i ATLANTIC couldn ' t Objective pay the bills.
one can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut sour when i couldn ' t pay up the bills.
i rear end tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldn ' t pay the banknote.
i can secernate you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldn ' t make up the bills.
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldn ' t pay the bills.
2
I can't even pay the bills.
pay cant even i the bills
i even cant pay the bills
i cant the pay even bills
cant i even pay the bills
i cant even pay the bills
i cant pay bills
cant even pay the bills
i cant even pay bills
i can ' t Olivier even pay the bills.
i can ' t even SACHIN pay the bills.
i can ' t even pay the eliminationist bills.
i can ' t even pay the Koozie bills.
i can ' t even pay the beak.
one can ' t even pay the bills.
i can ' t still pay the bills.
i can ' t still pay the bills.
2
I can't say exactly how much money I have had to spend so far.
i cant say exactly how much money i have had to spend far so
i cant say exactly how far money i have had to spend so much
i cant say exactly how had money i have much to spend so far
had cant say exactly how much money i have i to spend so far
i cant exactly much money i have to spend so far
i cant say exactly much money i have had to spend far
i cant say exactly how much money i have had to spend so far
i cant say exactly how much money i have had to spend so far
i can ' www.barbican.org.uk t say exactly how much money i have had to SkyLink spend so far.
mammoth i can ' t say exactly how much money i have had to spend so Lily far.
i can ' Prenton t say exactly how much money i Pope have had to spend so far.
i can ' t say exactly STRANGER how much money i have had to spend lecturer so far.
i send away ' tetraiodothyronine say exactly how much money i have had to spend so far.
i can ' t say on the dot how much money i have had to spend so far.
i can ' t say exactly how much money i have cause to spend so far.
i can ' t say on the nose how much money i have had to spend so far.
2
I could not make enough money to help my family.
i could not make enough help to money my family
i could not make enough my to help money family
i could not make enough family to help my money
i help not make enough money to could my family
could not make money to help my family
i could not make enough money to help my family
i could not make enough to help my family
i could not make enough help my family
i daughter could not make keyholes enough money to help my family.
Yecke i Automated could not make enough money to help my family.
i could Elfren not make enough money Hermitage to help my family.
i could 2Q not make enough money to help my WEST family.
i could not make decent money to help my family.
iodine could not make enough money to help my family.
i could not make adequate money to help my kinsperson.
i could not make enough money to help oneself my syndicate.
2
I couldn't send enough money home.
i couldnt money enough send home
i home send enough money couldnt
send couldnt i enough money home
i home send enough money couldnt
i couldnt send enough money home
i couldnt enough money
couldnt send enough money home
i couldnt send home
i couldn ' t Kym send enough money home.
i situ couldn ' t send enough money home.
i couldn ' t send enough BECAUSE money home.
i couldn ' t send enough ellen money home.
i couldn ' t send enough money family.
i couldn ' t send enough money home.
i couldn ' t institutionalise enough money home.
i couldn ' t send enough money home.
2
I cried and I cried because we're on a fixed income.
i cried and i were because cried on a fixed income
i cried and i cried because income on a fixed were
i cried and i cried because on were a fixed income
i cried and on cried because were i a fixed income
i cried and i because were a fixed
i cried i cried were on a fixed
i cried and i because were on a fixed income
i cried and because were on a fixed income
Edmund i cried and i cried because we ' re WorthPoint on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried because Francois we ' re on a Inc fixed income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re EFT on a fixed Tashi income.
i cried Tanith and i cried because Amazon.com we ' re on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re on a rigid income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re on a frozen income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re on a rigid income.
2
I didn't have enough money to go home.
i didnt money enough have to go home
i to have enough money didnt go home
enough didnt have i money to go home
i didnt have enough money home go to
i have enough money go home
i didnt enough money go home
i didnt have enough to go
i didnt have enough money to go home
yez i didn ' t have PSNA enough money to go home.
sterilize i didn ' t have enough SimAnimals money to go home.
i didn ' t Horeis have enough Jason money to go home.
i didn ' t have Hamayasu enough Scotty money to go home.
i didn ' t have enough money to go habitation.
one didn ' t give birth enough money to go home.
i didn ' t have enough money to function home.
i didn ' t have enough money to live home.
2
I don't even know how much they owe me.
i dont even know much how they owe me
me dont even know how much they owe i
i dont even know owe much they how me
i how even know dont much they owe me
i dont even know how much they owe me
i dont even know how much they owe me
i dont even know how much they owe me
i dont even how they owe me
i don ' t even know how much Bude they owe TO me.
i don ' Jassa t even know how much they thereabout owe me.
Dosky i don ' t even know Exony how much they owe me.
retail i Simon don ' t even know how much they owe me.
i don ' t even know how much they owe maine.
i don ' t even know how much they owe maine.
one father ' t even know how much they owe me.
i don ' t even know how much they owe maine.
2
I don't like what I do for a living but I have to raise my children and pay the bills.
i dont like but i do for a living i what have to raise my children and pay the bills
i dont like what pay do for a living but i have i raise my children and to the bills
i dont like what i do pay a living but i have to raise bills children and for the my
i dont pay what i do for a the but i have to raise my children and like living bills
like what for a living but i have to my children and pay the bills
i dont like what i do for a living but i have to raise my children and pay the bills
i dont like what do for a living but i have to my children pay the bills
i dont like what i do a living but have raise my children and pay the
i don ' t like what i do hovered for a living Norwegian but i have Mortgage to raise my children and pay the bills.
i don ' t like what i do for a living but i have INTERNATIONAL to Battle raise my children and pay Daddy the bills.
i don ' t like determinate what R###million i do for a living but i have to raise my children and Sicor pay the bills.
i don ' t like what i do Twin for a living but i have Carmel to Nilufar raise my children and pay the bills.
i don ' t like what i do for a living but atomic number 53 have to raise my children and pay the bills.
ane don ' t like what i do for a living but i have to raise my children and yield the bills.
i don ' t like what iodine do for a living but i suffer to raise my children and pay the bills.
i don ' t like what i come for a living but 1 have to raise my children and pay the bills.
2
"I felt I was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but I couldn't pay the bill with the one pound I had in my pocket. "
had felt i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant but i couldnt pay the bill with pound one the i i in my pocket
i felt to was starving and a i went nearby restaurant but i couldnt pay the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket
i felt i was starving had went to a nearby restaurant but i pound pay the bill with the one couldnt i and in my pocket
i felt i was pay the went to a nearby restaurant but i couldnt starving and bill with the one pound i had in my pocket
i felt i was starving and to a nearby restaurant but i couldnt pay the bill with the one pound had in my pocket
i felt starving and went to nearby restaurant but couldnt pay the bill with the one pound i had in my
i felt and went to a nearby restaurant but i couldnt pay the bill with the one pound i had my pocket
i felt i was starving and went to a nearby but i couldnt pay the bill with the one pound i had in my
" i felt i temperatures was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, Scovilles but DelBello i couldn ' t pay the bill with the one By pound i had in my pocket. "
" i felt i was starving and HFA went to a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' eviction t pay the bill Arron with the one pound Consider i had in my pocket. "
" i mineralized felt i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but i Sicilian couldn ' Sheri t pay LOCKUP the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket. "
" i felt i was ESPN3.com starving Harpreet and went to a nearby restaurant, but intelligent i Freudian couldn ' t pay the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket. "
" ace felt i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' t pay the bill with the one ezra pound i had in my pocket. "
" i felt i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but one couldn ' t pay the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket. "
" i feel i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but ane couldn ' t remuneration the bill with the one lebanese pound i had in my pocket. "
" i felt i was thirst and went to a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' t pay the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket. "
2
I had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to Japan and Europe.
i had and money to buy airline tickets and go to japan enough europe
i had enough money to buy airline go and tickets to japan and europe
i to enough money had buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe
airline had enough money to buy i tickets and go to japan and europe
i had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe
i had enough to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe
i had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to japan europe
i had enough money buy airline tickets and to japan and europe
i had enough #-##.## money to buy Paddington airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
i had enough money to e buy airline tickets and go multithreading to japan and europe.
i blockbuster had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and Pascal europe.
i FWAG had enough money to Dylan buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
i had enough money to buy airline ticket and go to japan and europe.
i had adequate money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
i had adequate money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
i had enough money to purchase airline just the ticket and go to japan and europe.
0
"I have always been able to buy whatever clothes either I, or the children, needed or desired and I have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes."
i have always been able to buy whatever clothes either i or monies the needed or desired children i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of and for grooming health and aesthetic purposes
i have always been able to buy either clothes whatever i or the children needed or desired and i have always to able been spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming health purposes aesthetic and
clothes have always been and to buy whatever i either to or the children needed or desired able i have always been able i spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming health and aesthetic purposes
i have always been to able buy whatever clothes either i or aesthetic children needed or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial of amounts monies for grooming health and the purposes
i have always been able to buy whatever clothes i or the children needed or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial of for grooming health and aesthetic
i have always been able to buy whatever clothes either i or the children desired and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming aesthetic purposes
i have always been able to buy whatever clothes either i or needed or desired and i have been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming health and purposes
i always been able to buy clothes either i or the children needed or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies grooming health and aesthetic
" i Guggenheim have always been able to buy whatever clothes either Sivinski i, Unmoved or the children, needed or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial Symantec amounts of monies for grooming, health and ON aesthetic purposes. "
" i have always been able Tom to AN buy whatever clothes either i, or the children, needed juvenile or desired Vince and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health Kabalevsky and aesthetic purposes. "
" i have always been able ##/##/## to buy whatever clothes either i, or the children, needed or desired Erika and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies BT for grooming, mesmerises health and aesthetic singer purposes. "
" i have always been able to buy whatever clothes either i, or the KEITH children, needed or desired Vic and i PEOPLE have always been able to spend substantial Steve amounts Jedi of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
" 1 have always been able to purchase whatever clothes either i, or the children, needed or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
" i have constantly been able to buy any clothes either single, oregon the children, needed or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
" i have always been able to buy whatsoever clothes either i, oregon the children, needed or desired and i have always been able to spend real amounts of monies for grooming, health and esthetic purposes. "
" i take in forever been able bodied to buy whatever clothes either i, or the children, need or desired and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
0
I have been kept here because I have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i have been kept here because i have no paying of way my hospital bills
i of been kept here because i have no way have paying my hospital bills
i here been kept have because i have no way of paying my hospital bills
i have been here kept because i have no way of paying my hospital bills
i have been here because i have way of paying my hospital
i have been kept here because i have no way of paying hospital bills
i have been kept here because i have no way of paying my hospital bills
have kept here because i have no way of paying my hospital bills
i have Hersberger been kept here because i have no way Krone of paying my hospital bills.
i have been kept here because i have no way Chayut of spaceship paying my hospital bills.
fiberglass i have been kept here because i have no way of paying Frank my hospital bills.
substitute i have been kept here because i Gerry have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i have been kept here because i have no way of pay my hospital bills.
i have been keep hither because i have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i have been kept here because i have no way of paying my hospital bill.
i have be kept here because i have no way of paying my infirmary bills.
2
I have clients that owe me money.
i owe clients that have me money
have i clients that owe me money
clients have i that owe me money
i have clients me owe that money
i have clients owe money
i have clients that owe me money
have clients that owe me money
i have clients that owe me money
i have clients that Richard owe me money.
i have clients Pulmonary that owe me money.
i have FTC-HELP clients that owe me money.
i horned have clients that owe me money.
i have clients that owe me money.
i have clients that owe pine tree state money.
i bear clients that owe me money.
iodin have clients that owe me money.
2
I have enough money and my family are well cared for.
i have enough money my and family are well cared for
i have family money and my enough are well cared for
i have enough money and for family are well cared my
i have enough family and my money are well cared for
i have enough money and my family are well cared
i have enough and my family are well cared for
i enough money and my family are well for
i have enough money and my family are for
i Senators have enough money and my family Treloar are well cared for.
i have enough Disbelievers money and my Antonio family are well cared for.
i have enough money and my family Vincent are well baby cared for.
i have enough money and my family Coppélia are Oldie well cared for.
i get enough money and my family are well care for.
i get enough money and my family are well manage for.
i have enough money and my family are well cared for.
iodine have enough money and my family be well cared for.
0
"I have no mortgage to pay, so I'm rich."
i have no mortgage to im so pay rich
i have pay mortgage to no so im rich
i im no mortgage to pay so have rich
i have no to mortgage pay so im rich
i have no mortgage to pay so im rich
i have no to pay so im rich
i have no mortgage to pay so im rich
i have no to pay so im rich
" i http://www.youtube.com/watch?v have no mortgage to pay, so i ' m Netherlands rich. "
" i have associate no mortgage GXE to pay, so i ' m rich. "
" i DEFINITIVE have Lido no mortgage to pay, so i ' m rich. "
" i entice have no mortgage to nFEDAHEAD pay, so i ' m rich. "
" ace have no mortgage to pay, so i ' mb rich. "
" i have no mortgage to pay, so i ' m rich. "
" i have no mortgage to pay, so i ' megabyte rich. "
" i have no mortgage to pay, so i ' m rich. "
0
I have still got a few years left and I still have a mortgage to pay.
years have still got a few i left and i still have a mortgage to pay
i have still got i few years left and a still have a mortgage to pay
i have still got a few years left and i still have a mortgage to pay
i have still got a have years left and i still few a mortgage to pay
i have still got a few years left and i still a mortgage to
have still got a years left and i still have a mortgage to pay
i have still few years left and i still a mortgage to pay
i have still got few years left and i still have a mortgage to pay
i have still BioHealth got a few years left and i methane still have a mortgage to pay.
i have Hollywood still got a few years left and i still have a mortgage to Kaymer pay.
i have still got a few years left and i still EXILIM have a mortgage Latcha to pay.
i mene have still got a few years left Rattlestick and i still have a mortgage to pay.
i have still got a few years left and i yet have a mortgage to bear.
i have still got a few years pull up stakes and i still have a mortgage to compensate.
iodine have still got a few years left and unity still have a mortgage to pay.
i make still got a few years left and i still have a mortgage to pay up.
2
I have two kids and a mortgage.
i have and kids two a mortgage
i and two kids have a mortgage
a have two kids and i mortgage
i two have kids and a mortgage
i have two kids and a mortgage
have two kids and a mortgage
i two and a mortgage
i have two kids and a mortgage
chief i have two kids and a mortgage.
i Nasdaq have two kids and a mortgage.
i Chairman have two kids and a mortgage.
i have two Energy kids and a mortgage.
i have two kids and a mortgage.
i have 2 kids and a mortgage.
i have two child and a mortgage.
i have two small fry and a mortgage.
2
I have used up all my savings on hospital bills.
i have used up my all savings on hospital bills
i all used up have my savings on hospital bills
i have used up all my savings on bills hospital
i up used have all my savings on hospital bills
i used up all my savings on hospital bills
have used up all my savings on hospital bills
i have used all my savings on hospital bills
i have used up all savings on hospital bills
Patrick i have used up all my pizazz savings on hospital bills.
i have used Night up all #-#-#-# my savings on hospital bills.
i have Klingerman used up all my savings on hospital Rohdewald bills.
i have used Barf up Hardcore all my savings on hospital bills.
i have used upwards all my savings on infirmary bills.
iodine have used improving all my savings on hospital bills.
i have used up all my savings on infirmary bills.
i have used up all my savings on hospital bills.
2
I hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the body.
i hope to collect enough money to examined a growth that will allow the machine to be buy from outside the body
hope i to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined body outside the from
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that the allow will growth to be examined from outside the body
that hope to collect enough money body buy a machine i will allow the growth to be examined from outside the to
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will the growth to be examined from outside the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy machine that will allow the growth examined from outside the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that allow the growth to be examined from the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy machine that will the growth to be examined from outside
i Masaki hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be decolletage examined from outside the gigapascals body.
AppGeo i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow Maxse the ABU growth to be examined from outside the body.
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine NK that will lib.org allow the growth to be examined from outside ####WLMi the body.
i hope to collect Espey enough money Maritime to buy a machine that will allow BELLE the growth to be examined from outside the body.
i hope to collect enough money to buy a motorcar that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the physical structure.
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that bequeath allow the growth to embody examined from external the body.
i hope to roll up enough money to corrupt a machine that will allow the growth to personify examined from outside the body.
i hope to collect enough money to grease one's palms a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the body.
1
"I know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for it, but I have to pay the bills at the end of the day."
i know it sounds crazy and a lot of people will criticise me for it of i have to pay end bills at the the but the day
know i it sounds crazy and a lot of people will criticise me for it but i the to pay the bills at have end of the day
i know it sounds people and a lot of crazy will criticise me for it pay i have to but the bills at the end of the day
i know it sounds crazy of a lot of people will criticise me for and but i have to pay the bills at the end it the day
i know it sounds crazy and a lot of people will criticise me for it but i have to the bills at the end of the day
i know sounds crazy and lot of people will criticise me for i have to pay the bills at the end the
i it sounds crazy and lot of people will criticise me it but i have to pay the bills at the end of the day
i know it sounds crazy and a lot of people will criticise for but i have to pay the bills at the end of the day
" i know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people Alexandre will criticise me for it, but i Marc have to pay the Klaasen bills at the end messy of the day. "
" i know it sounds crazy, and BBMP a lot of people will criticise me for it, but i have to pay the proxies bills at the end KG1 of Actress the day. "
" Kurkure i know it sounds crazy, and a lot VVS of people will criticise Waccamaw me for it, but i have to pay the bills TKAP at the end of the day. "
" i metronome know it sounds crazy, and a lot of Faruque people will criticise me for it, but i Prime have to pay the Peacemaker bills at the end of the day. "
" i know information technology vocalize crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for information technology, but i have to pay the bills at the end of the daytime. "
" i know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise maine for information technology, but i have to pay the bill at the end of the day. "
" i know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise maine for it, but i have to pay the bills at the end of the day. "
" i know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticize me for it, but i have to pay the greenback at the end of the clarence day. "
2
"I live on a fixed income, and so I haven't spoken to him since May."
on live i a fixed income and so i havent spoken to him since may
and live on a fixed income i so i havent spoken to him since may
i live on a fixed income and so i havent spoken to since him may
i a on live fixed income and so i havent spoken to him since may
i live on a fixed income and so i havent spoken him may
i live on a fixed income and so i havent spoken him since may
i on fixed income and i havent spoken to him since may
i on a and so i havent spoken to him since may
" i live on Bianca a fixed income, and so i haven ' cubist t spoken to SWNT him since may. "
" Wateen i live on a fixed income, By and so Park i haven ' t spoken to him since may. "
" i live on a fixed Chrudimsky income, and so i haven ' t spoken Mindaugas to him since funloving may. "
" i live scandalously on a fixed income, and so i haven ' t Castle spoken to him hottest since may. "
" i live on a fixed income, and and so i haven ' t spoken to him since english hawthorn. "
" iodine live on a fixed income, and so i haven ' t spoken to him since may. "
" i live on a fixed income, and indeed i haven ' t speak to him since may. "
" single live on a fixed income, and so i haven ' t talk to him since may. "
2
I owe money to the bank.
money owe i to the bank
i the money to owe bank
money owe i to the bank
owe i money to the bank
i owe money the
i owe money to the bank
i owe money to the bank
i owe money to the bank
i Kostadin owe money to the bank.
Karyn i owe money to the bank.
i owe money to the mGluR2 bank.
i owe money Genetically to the bank.
i owe money to the bank.
i owe money to the camber.
i owe money to the bank.
i owe money to the cant.
2
I still don't know how to pay the mortgage.
i still the know how to pay dont mortgage
i still mortgage know how to pay the dont
i still dont pay how to know the mortgage
i still to know how dont pay the mortgage
i still dont know how to the mortgage
i still dont know how to mortgage
i still dont know how to pay the mortgage
i still dont know how to pay the mortgage
i still don ' t know how to Chief pay Joe the mortgage.
i still don ' t know how Service to pay the Inc. mortgage.
epidural i still don ' t know Milenko how to pay the mortgage.
i still don ' t know how AMFI to pay Brent the mortgage.
i still don ' thyroxin bed how to pay the mortgage.
i still get into ' t know how to pay off the mortgage.
ace still don ' t know how to compensate the mortgage.
i still don ' thyroxin know how to pay off the mortgage.
2
"I stole to feed my children, because I don't even have enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
i stole to feed my children because i dont even have enough money to buy them milk letter the unsigned read which also proposed reimbursing you installments several in
i stole to feed dont children because i my even have enough money to buy them milk read the reimbursing letter which also proposed unsigned you in several installments
i stole to feed my have because i dont even children enough money proposed buy them milk read the unsigned letter which also to reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed buy them because i dont even have enough money to my children milk read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed my children because i dont even have enough money to buy them milk unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in installments
i stole to feed my children because i dont even have enough money to buy them milk read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed my because i even have enough money to buy them milk read unsigned which also reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed my children because i dont even have enough money to buy them milk read the letter which proposed reimbursing you in several installments
" i stole to feed my children, because i don ' Majimbo t even have enough money to buy Otter them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed Aldersbrook reimbursing you in several Kargil installments. "
" i stole to feed my Pottstown children, because i don ' t even have enough money Spain to buy Greensburg them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing defrays you in several installments. "
" i stole to feed prevails my children, because unofficial i don ' t even have enough money to Thermo buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which wireless also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
" i stole to feed my children, because i don ' t #,### even have enough money to buy them milk, read the Rabbers unsigned letter which also Travs proposed reimbursing you in several Tacquard installments. "
" iodine stole to feed my children, because i don ' t even give birth enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
" i stole to feed my children, because i get into ' t yet have enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which likewise proposed reimbursing you in several installation. "
" i stole to feed my children, because i don ' t even have enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which as well proposed reimbursing you in several installment. "
" iodine stole to feed my children, because i get into ' t even have enough money to buy them milk river, read the unsigned letter which also proposed recoup you in several installments. "
2
I thought it was better to resign before I was fired.
i thought fired was better to resign before i was it
better thought it was i to resign before i was fired
i i it was better to resign before thought was fired
i thought it was better i resign before to was fired
i thought it was better to resign before i was fired
i thought it was better to resign before was
i thought it was better to resign before i was fired
i thought it better to resign i was fired
i Michael thought it was better Albian to resign before i was fired.
i Premium thought it was better to resign before i was ISA### fired.
i thought it was linemate better to resign before i #.#x was fired.
dioxin i thought it was better to resign before i was p fired.
i thought it was better to give up before unity was fired.
i mean it was better to resign before i was fired.
ace thought it was better to resign before unity was fired.
i think it was better to resign before i be fired.
1
I was fired last year and thought that was my last stop.
i was fired last year and thought that my was last stop
was i fired last year and thought that was my last stop
last was fired last year and thought that was my i stop
that was fired last year and thought i was my last stop
i was fired last year thought that was my last stop
i was fired last and thought that was my last stop
was fired year and thought that was my last stop
i was fired last year and thought that was my last stop
i was fired last momentary year and thought brusque that was my last stop.
i was Fake fired last year and thought that was my last gutter stop.
i was Heart fired last year and thought that was my Gestalt last stop.
i was fired last Barze year and thought that KOFAVIV was my last stop.
one was fired last twelvemonth and thought that was my last stop.
i was fired last class and conceive that was my last stop.
i was fired last class and thought that was my lowest stop.
i was fired final year and think that was my last stop.
2
"If I could arrange mortgages, I would triple my business overnight. "
i i could arrange mortgages if would triple my business overnight
if i could arrange mortgages i would triple my overnight business
i if could arrange mortgages i would triple my business overnight
could i if arrange mortgages i would triple my business overnight
if i could arrange mortgages i would triple my business overnight
if i could arrange mortgages i would my business
i could mortgages i would triple my business overnight
if i could arrange mortgages i would my overnight
" if i Dr.Dre could Arthur arrange mortgages, i would triple my business overnight. "
" if i could FEDORA arrange mortgages, i would triple my business nuttery overnight. "
" Nahum if lightning i could arrange mortgages, i would triple my business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgages, RRAD i would triple hosts my business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgage, i would triple my business overnight. "
" if 1 could arrange mortgages, i would treble my business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgages, i would triple my business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgages, atomic number 53 would triple my business overnight. "
1
"If I got enough money, I don't write."
if enough got i money i dont write
money i got enough if i dont write
if i got enough money dont i write
if i got enough money write dont i
if i enough money i dont
i got enough money i dont write
i got enough money i dont
if i got enough money i dont write
" Chief if i got enough money, i don ' Kris t write. "
" if i got enough legendary money, i don ' t JJ write. "
" Abu if i got enough money, Janc i don ' t write. "
" if i got enough Centenaro money, i erupting don ' t write. "
" if i got enough money, i assume ' t write. "
" if i got decent money, i don ' t write. "
" if i got enough money, i don ' t write. "
" if ane got enough money, i don ' t write. "
1
I'll never know how much I have lost.
ill never know have much i how lost
ill never know much how i have lost
ill i know how much never have lost
ill never know have much i how lost
ill never know how much i have lost
ill never know how much i have lost
never know how i have lost
ill never know how much i have lost
huwag i ' ll never know how much i have YOUR lost.
i ' ll never know Vladimir how much i Inc. have lost.
i ' ll Gujjar never know how much i have KIMANI lost.
i ' ll never earthquakes know how much Wetterich i have lost.
i ' ll never know how much i make lost.
i ' ll never know how much i have lost.
i ' ll never make love how much i have lost.
1 ' ll never know how much ace have lost.
2
I'm coming to terms with being unemployed.
im coming with terms to being unemployed
im coming unemployed terms with being to
im to coming terms with being unemployed
unemployed coming to terms with being im
im coming to terms with being unemployed
im coming terms with being
im coming to terms with
im coming to terms with being unemployed
i ' m coming to terms N'ly with being unemployed.
i ' m traveling coming to terms with being unemployed.
i ' m coming to terms with being Code unemployed.
Nutty i ' m coming to terms with being unemployed.
i ' m issue forth to terms with being unemployed.
iodin ' m coming to terms with being unemployed.
i ' molarity coming to terms with being unemployed.
atomic number 53 ' m coming to terms with being unemployed.
2
"I'm disabled, on a fixed income and diabetic."
im disabled a on fixed income and diabetic
im disabled income a fixed on and diabetic
im disabled fixed a on income and diabetic
disabled im on a fixed income and diabetic
im disabled on a fixed income and
im disabled on a fixed income and diabetic
disabled on income and diabetic
im disabled on fixed income and diabetic
" i ' m disabled, on a fixed income Gustav and Software diabetic. "
" i ' m disabled, on a fixed Poto income Parveez and diabetic. "
" i ' m disabled, on Deepak a fixed Metta income and diabetic. "
" i ' EXILIM m disabled, on a fixed Manny income and diabetic. "
" i ' m disabled, on a fixed income and diabetic. "
" i ' m disabled, on a set income and diabetic. "
" i ' m disabled, on a fixed income and diabetic. "
" i ' m disabled, on a set income and diabetic. "
2
I'm in the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
im in the position happy of being an unemployed writer
im position the happy in of being an unemployed writer
im in the happy position of unemployed an being writer
im in the happy position of being unemployed an writer
im in the happy position of being an writer
im in happy position of being an unemployed writer
im in the happy of being an unemployed writer
in the happy position of being an unemployed writer
i ' m in the happy Investigation position of AP#### being an unemployed writer.
i ' m in the happy inch position of being an unemployed Pamela writer.
i ' m in the happy position Nick of being an unemployed Guarulhos writer.
i ' m scalawag in Solar the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
i ' m in the happy position of being an unemployed author.
i ' megabyte in the happy berth of being an unemployed writer.
i ' m in the happy position of be an unemployed writer.
i ' mebibyte in the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
2
"I'm looking forward to working with Andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he owes me  300. "
im looking forward to working with andy on a daily he again particularly since basis owes me 300
im looking forward to working me andy on a daily basis again particularly since he owes with 300
im looking forward to particularly with andy on a daily basis again working since he owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy on basis daily a again particularly since he owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy on a basis again particularly since owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis again particularly since he owes me 300
im looking forward to working andy a daily basis again particularly since he owes me 300
im looking forward to with andy daily basis again since he owes me 300
" i ' m looking forward PINKSHEETS to Trucial working with andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he Zhejiang owes me 300. "
" i ' m hotel looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he Raynard owes Mosielele me 300. "
" i ' m looking forward to barmy working with andy on Sega a daily basis PEOPLES again, particularly since he owes me 300. "
" Wai i ' m looking forward to working with WACA andy on a Hersch daily basis again, particularly since he owes me 300. "
" i ' m looking forward to working with andy on a daily fundament again, particularly since he owes me 300. "
" i ' m looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he owes pine tree state 300. "
" 1 ' yard looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis again, particularly since atomic number 2 owes me 300. "
" i ' m looking forward to working with andy on a day by day basis once more, particularly since he owes me three hundred. "
2
I'm on a fixed income so I hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
im on a i income so fixed hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
im on a fixed income something i hope they can figure out so to bring down prices
im on a income fixed so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
income on a fixed im so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
im on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
im on a fixed income so i hope can out something to bring down prices
im on fixed so hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
im on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down
i ' m on a Boston fixed income so i hope they can figure out something ACCURACY to bring down prices.
i ' bulk m on a fixed income so i hope Centinel they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' m on a fixed income STILL so i hope Tariq they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' m Mistress on Kryptonian a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' m on a fixed income so 1 hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' megabyte on a fixed income so ane hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' m on a fixed income so ane hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
1 ' m on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
2
I'm pretty much on a fixed income.
im pretty much fixed a on income
im a much on pretty fixed income
im income much on a fixed pretty
much pretty im on a fixed income
im pretty much on a fixed income
im pretty much on a fixed
im pretty much on a fixed income
pretty much on a fixed income
i ' traditionalist m pretty much on a fixed income.
i ' m pretty MTPS much on a fixed income.
i ' m pretty Isotoner much on a fixed income.
i ' m pretty Selects much on a fixed income.
i ' one thousand pretty much on a fixed income.
atomic number 53 ' m pretty much on a fixed income.
i ' m pretty much on a set income.
i ' m jolly much on a fixed income.
2
"I'm ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say ""I tried."" "
im in to go ready front of a bankruptcy judge and say i tried
im ready in go to front of a bankruptcy judge and say i tried
im ready to go bankruptcy front of a in judge and say i tried
im ready to go in front say a bankruptcy judge and of i tried
im ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say i
im ready to go front of a bankruptcy judge and say i tried
im ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say i tried
im ready to go in front of a bankruptcy and say i tried
" NiMh i ' m ready Holtek to go in Nizami front of a bankruptcy judge and say " " i tried. " " "
" i ' m marram ready to go in front of a bankruptcy avian judge and say " " i FIIs tried. " " "
" i ' m ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge Toilet and say " " Malahat i Phnom tried. " " "
" Agile i ' m ready ohia to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say " " i Alnwick tried. " " "
" iodine ' metre ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and state " " i tried. " " "
" i ' m ready to go in front of a bankruptcy jurist and say " " atomic number 53 tried. " " "
" i ' m quick to extend in front of a bankruptcy evaluator and say " " i tried. " " "
" i ' molar concentration quick to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say " " i try out. " " "
2
I'm unemployed and Saddam Hussein still has a job.
im unemployed and saddam job still has a hussein
im unemployed and saddam hussein has still a job
im unemployed and has hussein still saddam a job
im job and saddam hussein still has a unemployed
and hussein still has a job
im and saddam hussein still has job
unemployed hussein still a job
im unemployed and hussein still a job
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein Goalpost still has a A. job.
i ' m InterReach unemployed and saddam hussein still has female a job.
i ' Esic m unemployed Yukari and saddam hussein still has a job.
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein Gordian still steep has a job.
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein still suffer a job.
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein still has a job.
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein still has a book of job.
ace ' m unemployed and saddam hussein still has a caper.
2
"It's not that much, but I am unemployed and I need the money."
its not that much but i am unemployed and i the need money
its that not much but i am unemployed and i need the money
its not that much but am i unemployed and i need the money
but not that much its i am unemployed and i need the money
its not that much but i am unemployed and i need money
its not that much but i and i need the money
its not that but i am unemployed and i the money
its not that much but i am unemployed and i need the money
" it ' LA s not that much, but i am unemployed and slump i need the money. "
" it ' s not Laxmi that much, but i am unemployed filamentous and i need the money. "
" hairy it ' s not that much, DAVID but i am unemployed and i need the money. "
" it ' s not that Copart much, but i am unemployed CORRECTED and i need the money. "
" it ' s not that much, but i am unemployed and i need the money. "
" it ' s not that much, but i be unemployed and 1 need the money. "
" information technology ' s not that much, but i am unemployed and i need the money. "
" information technology ' s not that much, but i am unemployed and i need the money. "
2
I've been living here long enough and paying taxes.
living been ive here long enough and paying taxes
ive been living here long taxes and paying enough
ive been enough here long living and paying taxes
ive been living here taxes enough and paying long
ive been living here long enough and taxes
ive been here long enough and paying taxes
ive been living here long enough and paying taxes
ive been living here long enough and paying taxes
Jimena i ' ve been Wholly living here long enough and paying taxes.
Alphonse i ' ve been living here long enough and paying Scott taxes.
i ' ve been extract living here long enough Josh and paying taxes.
Zona i ' ve been Cristiano living here long enough and paying taxes.
unity ' ve live living here long enough and paying taxes.
i ' ve been be here long enough and paying taxes.
i ' ve been living here long enough and paying tax.
i ' ve been living hither long enough and pay taxes.
2
I've been working for eight years and I always owe money.
owe been working for eight years and i always ive money
ive been working for eight always and i years owe money
ive been working for years eight and i always owe money
ive been working owe eight years and i always for money
ive been working for eight years and i always owe money
ive been working for eight years and i always owe money
ive been working for eight years and i always owe money
been working eight years and always owe money
i ' ve been working Ireneo for eight years and i DAVID always owe money.
i ' ve been working for FRANKFURT eight years AUDIENCE and i always owe money.
i ' ve Luisa been Roo working for eight years and i always owe money.
i ' Jerrold ve Genospectra been working for eight years and i always owe money.
i ' ve been working for ogdoad years and i always owe money.
i ' ve been working for eight spot years and i always owe money.
i ' ve been working for eight years and i invariably owe money.
i ' ve been work out for eight years and i always owe money.
2
I've got enough money for my needs.
enough got ive money for my needs
got ive enough money for my needs
ive got for money enough my needs
needs got enough money for my ive
ive got enough money for my needs
ive got enough money my needs
ive got enough for needs
ive got enough money my needs
i ' ve got enough Tu money for my needs.
i ' ve got enough money for my filet needs.
Endzone i ' ve got enough money for my needs.
i ' ve got enough Rasaan money for my needs.
i ' ve got enough money for my needs.
i ' ve got decent money for my needs.
unity ' ve got enough money for my needs.
i ' ve got enough money for my needs.
0
"I've lost three homes and four cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism."
destroyed lost three homes and four cars ive by burning and vandalism
four lost three homes and ive cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
ive lost three homes four and cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
ive lost three vandalism and four cars destroyed by burning and homes
ive three homes and four cars destroyed by burning
ive lost three and cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
ive lost three homes cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
ive lost homes and four cars destroyed by burning and
" i ' ve lost three homes and four cars, destroyed businessman by burning Justin and vandalism. "
" Gazella i ' ve Boureima lost three homes and four cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism. "
" i ' ve lost three homes insurer and four cars, Ramu destroyed by burning and vandalism. "
" i ' ve lost three Hillson homes and four cars, destroyed by Fredi burning and vandalism. "
" unity ' ve lost three homes and four cars, put down by burning and vandalism. "
" 1 ' ve lost three homes and four spot cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism. "
" i ' ve lose trine homes and four cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism. "
" atomic number 53 ' ve lost three homes and four cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism. "
2
I've made enough money and am secure enough for the future.
ive made enough future and am secure enough for the money
enough made enough money and am secure ive for the future
ive made the money and am secure enough for enough future
ive made enough money and am secure enough for future the
ive made enough money and secure enough for the future
ive made enough money and am enough for the future
made enough money am secure for the future
ive made enough money and am secure enough for the future
i ' ve Gurunagar made enough money and am secure enough for Nenova the future.
i ' ve made Jonathon enough money and am secure enough for the NYSE future.
i ' ve made enough money Nayla and Louisiana am secure enough for the future.
i ' ve made enough money and am secure enough Advant for the taro future.
i ' ve made enough money and am good enough for the future.
i ' ve made adequate money and am dependable enough for the future.
i ' ve made enough money and cost secure plenty for the future.
i ' ve make enough money and am secure enough for the future.
0
"Like most of us here, I was unemployed, which was why I committed a crime said Pan Ming, a 38-year-old convicted robber seven years into his nine-year sentence."
like most of us here i seven unemployed which was why old committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year i convicted robber years was into his nine year sentence
like most of us here sentence was unemployed which was why i committed years crime said pan ming a 38 year old convicted a seven robber into his nine year i
like was year us here i most unemployed which was why seven committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year old convicted robber i years into his nine of sentence
unemployed most of us here i was like which was a i committed why crime said pan ming a 38 year old convicted robber seven years into nine his year sentence
like most of us here i was unemployed which was why i a crime said pan ming a 38 old convicted robber seven years his sentence
like most of us here i unemployed which was why i committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year old convicted robber seven years into nine year sentence
like most us here i was unemployed which was why i committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year old convicted robber seven years into his year sentence
like most of us here i was which was why i committed a said pan ming 38 year old years into his nine year sentence
" Lords like most of us here, i was unemployed, which was Cliff why i committed a crime said pan Real ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber seven years Asus into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most of Khosravi us here, i was unemployed, Biomat which was why i committed Shalin a crime said pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber seven Wipplinger years into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most of us here, i was unemployed, which steepled was why i committed a crime said Coach pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted Broon robber reporter seven years into his nine - year sentence. "
" like Officer most hashbrown of us here, i was unemployed, which was micron why i committed a Skipper crime said pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber seven years into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most of us here, i was unemployed, which was why i committed a criminal offence said pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber septenary years into his nine - year prison term. "
" like most of us hither, i was unemployed, which was why i practice a crime said pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber seven years into his nine - year judgment of conviction. "
" like most of u.s. here, i was unemployed, which was why i committed a crime said pan ming, a thirty eight - year - old convicted robber vii years into his nine - year sentence. "
" similar most of us here, i was unemployed, which was why i committed a crime state pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber 7 years into his nine - yr sentence. "
2
"Look at me, I gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies."
look at me gave i up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies
look at me i gave up my studies to pay for a job to look for my studies
look at me i gave up for studies to look my a job to pay for my studies
look at me job gave up my studies to look for a i to pay for my studies
look at me i gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies
look at me i gave up studies to look for a job to pay for my studies
look at me i gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies
look at me i gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies
" look Sensis at me, i gave FROM up my studies to look for a Edwidge job to pay for my studies. "
" look Rachaf at me, i RA gave up my studies to look for a job to pay Nyne for my studies. "
" look YOKNEAM at me, i gave up my ATTN studies to Hardhat look for a job to pay for my studies. "
" look at me, i gave car up my Salut studies to look for a job to pay for Q3 my studies. "
" look at me, i gave up my field to look for a chore to give for my studies. "
" look at me, i gave up my studies to look for a job to compensate for my studies. "
" look at me, one gave upward my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies. "
" looking at at me, i give up my studies to look for a job to yield for my studies. "
2
"Morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in Mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that ""I have enough money, but I shan't leave here until I produce something positive."" "
morris who kept a picture of his son in mogadishu wharfside after in his said 16 months office his death that i have i money but i shant leave here until enough produce something positive
morris who kept until death of his son in his wharfside office in mogadishu said 16 months after his picture that i have enough here but i shant leave money a i produce something positive
morris who kept a picture of his i in his wharfside office in mogadishu said 16 months after his death that i have enough money but i shant leave here until son produce something positive
morris who kept a picture but his son in i wharfside enough in mogadishu said 16 months after his death that i have office money of his shant leave here until i produce something positive
morris who a picture his son in his in mogadishu said 16 months after his death that i money but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
morris who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office mogadishu 16 months after his death that i have enough money but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
morris who kept a picture of his son his wharfside office in mogadishu said after his death i have enough money but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
morris who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office mogadishu said months after his death that i have enough but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
" morris, who kept a picture of his son in his GTA wharfside Fariborz office Fayo in mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that " " i have Foreclosure enough money, but i shan ' t nearby leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who kept a picture frozen of his son in his wharfside office in mogadishu, said 16 months after Vicky his death that " " i have enough money, but i shan ' striker t leave Risen here until i produce Bank something positive. " " "
" morris, who Jacobabad kept a picture Qurayza of his son Jabber in his wharfside office in mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that " " i have enough GreenPoint money, Bad but i shan ' t leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who Couples kept a picture of his son in his Santa wharfside office in mogadishu, said Janice 16 months after his death that " " Judge i have enough money, overhanging but i shan ' t leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside power in mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that " " i have enough money, only i shan ' t leave hither until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that " " i have decent money, but i shan ' t leave here until i grow something positive. " " "
" morris, who preserve a picture of his son in his wharfside office in mogadishu, said sixteen months after his death that " " i have enough money, but i shan ' t bequeath here until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in mogadishu, said xvi months after his death that " " i have enough money, but i shan ' t exit hither until i produce something positive. " " "
0
"My car was damaged and I spent more than 1,000 repairing it."
my car was damaged and 1 spent more than i 000 repairing it
my car was damaged more i spent and than 1 000 repairing it
my car was damaged and i spent more than it 000 repairing 1
my car spent damaged and i was more than 1 000 repairing it
my car was damaged and i spent more than 1 repairing it
my car was damaged and i spent more than 1 000 repairing it
my car damaged and i spent more than 1 000 repairing
my car was damaged and i spent more than 1 000 repairing it
" my car was Die damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 eggs repairing it. "
" my car was damaged fully and i spent Trevor more than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my R1Soft car was damaged and i spent more Sojourner than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my car was damaged and i Dodgers.com spent more Publishing than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my car was damaged and i spent more than than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my car was damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 repairing information technology. "
" my car be damaged and i spend more than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my railway car was damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 repairing it. "
2
My parents were initially worried that I would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
a parents were would worried that i initially not be able to cope without my fixed income like in my previous jobs
my parents were income worried that my would not be able to cope without a fixed initially like in i previous jobs
like parents were initially worried that i would not without able to cope be a fixed income my in my previous jobs
my parents were able worried that i would not be initially to cope without a my income like in fixed previous jobs
my parents were initially worried that i would not be able to cope without a income like in my previous jobs
my were initially worried that i would not be able to cope fixed income like in my previous jobs
my parents were initially that i would not be able to cope a fixed income like in my previous
my parents were initially worried i would not be able to a fixed income like in my previous jobs
my parents were initially worried that i would AdSouth not be able to cope without a By fixed income like in girlfriend my previous jobs.
my parents CHARLOTTE were initially worried FOBA that i would Ke not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
my parents were initially worried that i would NCCs not be able to cope without Dedham a fixed income like in my Epazz previous jobs.
my parents were initially worried Maoist that Gehua i would not be able to cope without Bomber a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
my parents were initially worried that i would not be able to cope without a rigid income like in my previous jobs.
my parents were ab initio worried that i would not be able bodied to cope without a fixed income like in my previous book of job.
my parents personify initially apprehensive that i would not be able to manage without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
my parent were initially upset that i would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
1
Now I am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
now i facing am a diminished benefit on a fixed income
am i now facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income
now i am facing a diminished on benefit a fixed income
now i am facing a diminished benefit on a income fixed
now i am facing a diminished benefit on a income
now i diminished benefit on a fixed income
now i am facing diminished benefit on a fixed income
now i facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income
now i am facing a diminished benefit Finn on a fixed CORC income.
now i am Bishop facing IPW a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
now i am facing BCWD a diminished benefit on Kyle a fixed income.
now Gilliat i am facing a diminished benefit St on a fixed income.
now i am facing a vitiated benefit on a set income.
now i am facing a weakened benefit on a fixed income.
now i am facing a diminished welfare on a frozen income.
now i am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
2
"Of course, I will be the one to get audited."
of course i the be will one to get audited
of course i will be the audited to get one
of to i will be the one course get audited
audited course i will be the one to get of
of course i will be the one to get audited
of course i will be one to get audited
of course will be the one to get audited
of course i will be the one to get audited
" of book course, Necole i will be the one to get audited. "
" of Sharjah course, i will be the one Decontamination to get audited. "
" of Ver#.# course, i will be the one to get Kenzo audited. "
" of course, i will be Chief the TXT one to get audited. "
" of line, i volition be the one to get audited. "
" of course of instruction, i will be the one to get audited. "
" of track, i will be the one to get audited. "
" of course, unity will be the i to get audited. "
1
"Of the six months I have been here they have only paid me for one, and they owe me five."
of owe six months i have been here they have only paid me for one and they me the five
of the here months i have been six they have only paid me for one and they owe me five
of the paid months i me been here they have only six have for one and they owe me five
of the six months for have been here they have only paid me i one and they owe me five
of the six months i have been here they have only paid me for one and they owe me five
of the six months i have been here they have only paid me one and they owe me five
the six months i have been here they have only paid me for one and they me five
of the six months i have they have only paid me for one and they owe me five
" of Charges the six months i have been here they Unbelievable have only paid me Capturing for one, and they owe me five. "
" of the six months i have been Cowdog here they QB have only Native paid me for one, and they owe me five. "
" of the six months i TSX have been here they have only paid me for one, Myx and they Hovnanian owe me five. "
" of the six months i have SEARCH been here they have only Issa paid me for one, and they owe Kabongo me five. "
" of the six months i have been here they have only paid me for one, and they owe me little phoebe. "
" of the six months i have been here they ingest only paid maine for one, and they owe me five. "
" of the six months i have been here they have only paid me for single, and they owe me five. "
" of the six months i have been here they have only pay me for one, and they owe me five. "
2
"One day, I hope to save enough money to get married. "
one day i enough to save hope money to get married
one day i save to hope enough money to get married
one day i hope to save enough to money get married
one to i hope to save enough money day get married
one day i hope to save enough money to get married
one day i hope save enough money to get married
day i hope to save enough money to get married
one day i to save enough money to get married
" one day, i hope Peter to save enough money to rearview get married. "
" one day, i hope to skeletal save Vassos enough money to get married. "
" one day, www.infocomm.org i hope to save enough money to SKID get married. "
" one day, Santogold i hope í to save enough money to get married. "
" matchless day, i hope to save enough money to get married. "
" one day, i hope to preserve enough money to get matrimonial. "
" one day, i hope to save decent money to get married. "
" one day, i hope to save enough money to get married. "
1
"Over the past 20 years I've made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques."
over the past 20 years ive made a lot of money if at look you the cheques
over the past a years ive made 20 lot of money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 of ive made a lot years money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 years ive made a lot of money if look you at the cheques
over the 20 years ive made a lot of money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 years ive made a lot of money if you look at the cheques
over the years ive made a lot of money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 made a lot of money if you look at cheques
" over the inflationary past 20 years i ' TSX ve made a lot of money, if you look at the Echegoyen cheques. "
" over the past 20 years i ' ve made a Madiga lot of money, if you Hiltoppers look Magners at the cheques. "
" over the past Windschitl 20 years i ' ve Miller made a lot of money, if you look at the MB cheques. "
" over the past 20 years i ' ve made a lot Popularly of money, Lessees if you Fenway look at the cheques. "
" over the preceding 20 years i ' ve made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques. "
" over the past 20 years i ' ve made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques. "
" concluded the past 20 years i ' ve made a lot of money, if you depend at the check. "
" over the past 20 years i ' ve made a lot of money, if you look at the check. "
0
"Personally, that's the way I avoid paying taxes."
personally avoid the way i thats paying taxes
personally taxes the way i avoid paying thats
taxes thats the way i avoid paying personally
paying thats the way i avoid personally taxes
personally thats the way i avoid paying taxes
personally thats the way i paying taxes
personally thats way i avoid paying taxes
personally thats the way i avoid paying taxes
" personally, that ' s Paswan the way Krystle i avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' Joules s the way i Eveloff avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, Maggie that ' s the way i Chief avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the way Middleton i Evolving avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the way ane avoid pay taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the way i avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the direction ane avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the fashion i avoid ante up taxes. "
0
Probably because I didn't have enough money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didnt buy enough money to have the stuff
buy because i didnt have enough money to probably the stuff
probably because i buy have enough money to didnt the stuff
probably because i didnt have money enough to buy the stuff
probably because i didnt have enough money buy the stuff
probably because didnt have enough money to buy the stuff
because i have enough money to the stuff
probably because i didnt have enough money to buy the
probably because i didn ' t have enough HORMEL money to buy WIDE the stuff.
probably because voltage i didn ' t have enough Firaxis money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didn ' Gloster t have enough Winger money to buy the stuff.
Pruneau probably because i didn ' TROTTING t have enough money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didn ' t have enough money to buy the material.
probably because i didn ' t ingest enough money to buy the stuff.
in all likelihood because one didn ' t have enough money to buy the stuff.
believably because i didn ' t have enough money to buy the stuff.
2
"Sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggests I owe money for long-term disability coverage, money that I thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck."
for on my desk money home my a letter that suggests i owe money sitting long term disability coverage at that i thought was being automatically deducted from is paycheck
sitting my desk my at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long term disability coverage money that i thought was being deducted automatically from on paycheck
sitting on my deducted at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long term being coverage money that i thought was paycheck automatically desk from my disability
sitting my on desk at was is a letter money suggests i owe that for long term disability coverage money that i thought home being automatically deducted from my paycheck
sitting on my desk at home is a letter suggests i money for long term coverage money that i thought was automatically deducted from my paycheck
sitting on my desk at home is a that suggests i owe money for long term disability coverage money that i was being automatically deducted from my paycheck
sitting on my desk home is a letter that i owe money for long term coverage money that i being automatically deducted from my paycheck
sitting on my desk at is a letter that suggests i owe for long term disability coverage money that i thought was being automatically deducted my paycheck
" sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggests i bowel owe money for long - Viking term disability coverage, money that i thought was being L##F automatically Sandro deducted from my paycheck. "
" sitting on Brittany my desk at home Oleksa is a letter that suggests i owe money for long - term disability coverage, money Sassamon that i thought was being automatically deducted wartime from my paycheck. "
" sitting on my Architecture desk at home is a Borowiecki letter that suggests i owe money for long - term disability coverage, 1b money that i thought was being automatically McCrain deducted from my paycheck. "
" Andrea sitting on WEEKEND my Al desk at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long - term disability coverage, money that i thought was TRASHY being automatically deducted from my paycheck. "
" sitting on my desk at home is a alphabetic character that suggests i owe money for long - term disability coverage, money that ace thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck. "
" sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long - term disablement coverage, money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my payroll check. "
" sit down on my desk at home is a varsity letter that suggests i owe money for long - term handicap coverage, money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck. "
" sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggest i owe money for long - term disability coverage, money that i thought was represent mechanically deducted from my paycheck. "
2
The company went bankrupt and I was unemployed for a year.
i company went bankrupt and the was unemployed for a year
bankrupt company went the and i was unemployed for a year
the company went bankrupt and i was unemployed year a for
the company bankrupt went and i was unemployed for a year
the company went bankrupt and i unemployed for a year
the company went bankrupt and was unemployed for a year
the company went bankrupt i was unemployed a
the company went bankrupt and i was unemployed for a year
the company went bankrupt and i was Chabane unemployed for Maculan a year.
the company went bankrupt and i was MONCHENGLADBACH unemployed for a Nautilus year.
the company ameliorated went bankrupt and i was unemployed for iPolicy a year.
the Flemish company went bankrupt and i Bar was unemployed for a year.
the company went bankrupt and iodin was unemployed for a year.
the ship's company went bankrupt and i was unemployed for a year.
the company went belly up and i be unemployed for a year.
the company run low bankrupt and i was unemployed for a year.
2
"The guy said ""I can afford to pay the bill."""
afford guy said i can the to pay the bill
the guy said to can afford i pay the bill
the guy i said can afford to pay the bill
the said guy i can afford to pay the bill
the guy said i afford to pay the
the said i can to pay the bill
the guy said i can afford to pay the bill
the guy i can afford to pay the bill
" the guy said " " i can afford Valoria to recessionista pay the bill. " " "
" Stephen the guy said " " i can afford to pay the spokesman bill. " " "
" the guy said " " i Triumph can afford to pay the Uwchlan bill. " " "
" the guy said " " Me'co i can afford to pay the Garreth bill. " " "
" the guy said " " iodin hind end afford to pay the bill. " " "
" the guy said " " i rump afford to give the bill. " " "
" the guy said " " iodin can afford to ante up the bill. " " "
" the guy said " " i rump afford to pay the notice. " " "
0
"Their question is: I pay my bills, I pay my mortgage, why are you helping Wall Street? "
is question their i pay my bills i pay my mortgage why are you helping wall street
their street is i pay my bills i pay my mortgage why are you helping wall question
their question is i pay my wall i pay my mortgage why are you helping bills street
their my is i pay my bills i pay question mortgage why are you helping wall street
their question is i pay my bills i pay my mortgage why are you helping wall street
their question is i bills i pay my mortgage why are you helping wall street
their question is pay my bills i pay my mortgage why are you helping street
their question i pay my bills i pay mortgage why are you helping street
" their question is: i pay my cyberdads.com bills, bin i pay my mortgage, Antonia why are you helping wall street? "
" their AskKaren.gov question is: i pay my EverNote bills, intraoral i pay my mortgage, why are you helping wall street? "
" their question is: i Gallipolis pay my bills, i Nutritional pay my mortgage, why are Phil you helping wall street? "
" their question is: i producer pay my Tomás bills, i pay my mortgage, why are you helping ATOMS wall street? "
" their question is: i pay my bills, i pay my mortgage, why represent you avail wall street? "
" their question is: one pay my account, i pay my mortgage, why are you helping fence in street? "
" their question is: i pay my nib, i pay my mortgage, why are you help wall street? "
" their doubtfulness be: i pay my bills, i pay my mortgage, why are you helping wall street? "
2
There's no elegant way to say I was fired.
fired no elegant way to say i was theres
i no elegant way to say theres was fired
theres was elegant way to say i no fired
no theres elegant way to say i was fired
theres no elegant way say i was fired
theres no elegant way to say i was fired
theres elegant way say i was fired
theres no elegant way to i fired
Barry there ' s Vivaldo no elegant way to say i was fired.
there ' s no Carmel elegant way to say Paul i was fired.
there ' s no elegant Grace way to Israel say i was fired.
there ' s MaximsNews no elegant Punk'd way to say i was fired.
there ' s no refined way to say i be fired.
there ' s no elegant way to say i follow fired.
there ' southward no elegant way to say i represent fired.
there ' s no elegant way to say ace be fired.
2
They don't owe me anything and I don't owe them anything.
they owe owe me anything and i dont dont them anything
they anything owe me anything and i dont owe them dont
they dont anything me owe and i dont owe them anything
and dont owe me anything they i dont owe them anything
dont owe me anything i dont owe them anything
they dont owe me anything i dont owe them anything
they dont owe me anything and i dont owe them anything
they owe me anything and i dont owe them anything
they don ' t owe me anything and i Aasiya don ' t owe SecurAct them anything.
they don ' t owe me anything Pound and i don ' t owe DVD them anything.
they deborah@rapidgrowthmedia.com don ' t owe me anything and i don ' t owe Imagined them anything.
they trackies don ' t owe me UCO anything and i don ' t owe them anything.
they don ' t owe maine anything and i don ' t owe them anything.
they get into ' t owe me anything and i don ' metric ton owe them anything.
they don ' t owe me anything and i don river ' deoxythymidine monophosphate owe them anything.
they don ' t owe me anything and 1 preceptor ' t owe them anything.
0
"They owe me more than 130,000 shekels, 32,500 dollars, which I still haven't recovered despite a court case. "
they owe still more than 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which i me havent recovered a despite court case
they more havent owe than 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which i still me recovered despite a court case
they than owe more me 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite a court case
they owe me more than 130 000 shekels a 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite case court 32
they owe me than 130 shekels 32 500 dollars which i still havent recovered a court
they me more than 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite a court case
they owe me more 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite a court case
they owe me more than 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which i still havent despite a court case
" they owe me more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 brags dollars, which i still haven ' t recovered despite cheaters a court CRJP case. "
" they owe me more than Alliant 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollars, Clydie which i still haven ' t recovered despite a court Overbrook case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollars, which Wenjun i still haven ' t Piers recovered despite Canon a court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, Chilman 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollars, which i still haven ' t recovered Joe despite a IDT court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollar sign, which i still haven ' t recovered despite a motor hotel case. "
" they owe maine more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollar, which i still haven ' t recoup despite a court case. "
" they owe me more than than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollar, which i still haven ' t recovered despite a court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollars, which i still haven ' tetraiodothyronine recovered despite a court case. "
2
"Thirty-six year old Gina Allen of Denver voiced what was perhaps the country's most popular reason for last-minute filing: ""I owe money anyway, so I wasn't in too much of a rush to get them in."" "
thirty six year old gina allen was denver voiced too of perhaps the countrys most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt in a much of what rush to get them in
thirty six year old gina rush of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys last popular reason for most minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt in too much of a allen get to them in
thirty money year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys most for reason wasnt last minute filing i owe six anyway so i popular in too much of a rush to get them in
thirty six year old reason allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys most popular gina for last a filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt of too much in minute rush to get them in
six year old gina allen of voiced what was perhaps the countrys most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt too much of a rush to get them in
thirty six year gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys most popular reason for last minute i owe money anyway so i in too much of a rush to get in
thirty six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys popular reason last minute filing owe money anyway so i wasnt in too much of a to get them in
thirty six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt in too much a rush to get them in
" thirty - six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was Tuckerman perhaps the country ' s most popular chest reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe Banner money anyway, Groundwater so i wasn ' t in Initiative too much of a rush RTVL to get them in. " " "
" thirty - six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' Neviaser s most ProMOS popular reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe Lojero money Gina anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of Goodridges a Pixie rush to get them in. " " "
" thirty - pharmacologically six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' Carl s most popular reason for last - minute filing: " " Dokapon i owe money anyway, Hollywood so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush Mai to get them mutually in. " " "
" thirty - six Thomas year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' s most popular reason Dmitry for last - minute filing: " " i owe money anyway, so metal i wasn ' t in too much nonpartisan of Gurwinder a rush to Jesus get them in. " " "
" thirty - six year old gina allen of mile high city voiced what was perhaps the commonwealth ' s most popular reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to puzzle them in. " " "
" xxx - six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' s most popular reason for last - instant filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to get them in. " " "
" thirty - six year old gina grace ethel cecile rosalie allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' s about democratic reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe money at any rate, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to get them in. " " "
" thirty - six year quondam gina ethan allen of denver voiced what be perhaps the country ' s most popular reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to get them in. " " "
2
"Through the years, I have been audited four times."
through the years i have audited been four times
through the years i have been audited times four
have the years i through been audited four times
audited the years i have been through four times
through years i have been four times
through the years i have been audited four times
through years i have audited four times
the years i have audited four times
" through the years, Sayadaw i India have been audited four times. "
" through Eugene the years, i have honky been audited four times. "
" mole through the years, i have been Pamplemousse audited four times. "
" soo through the years, i have been Dag audited four times. "
" through the years, ace have been audited four meter. "
" through the years, i have been audit tetrad times. "
" through the years, i get been audit four times. "
" through with the years, i have been audit four times. "
2
"Two years ago I was nowhere, looking for a job. "
two was ago i years nowhere looking for a job
two years i ago was nowhere looking for a job
two i ago years was nowhere looking for a job
two years ago for was nowhere looking i a job
two years ago i was nowhere looking for job
two years ago i was looking for a job
two years ago i was nowhere looking for a job
two years ago i was nowhere looking for a job
" two years Con ago i was firebrands nowhere, looking for a job. "
" two years Susanka ago i was nowhere, looking Pallid for a job. "
" two years ago Alexander i was nowhere, looking for a Arjuna job. "
" NASA two years ago i was nowhere, Panch looking for a job. "
" two years ago i make up nowhere, looking for a job. "
" two years ago i be nowhere, attend for a job. "
" 2 geezerhood ago i was nowhere, looking for a job. "
" two years ago one embody nowhere, looking for a job. "
2
"Umma Salima, a peanut street hawker, said ""Not only my house is badly damaged, I have also lost both my push carts."" "
umma salima a peanut lost hawker said not only my street is badly damaged i have also house both my push carts
umma salima a peanut street hawker said not only my house is badly damaged i both lost also have my push carts
umma not a peanut street hawker said i only my house is badly damaged salima have also lost both my push carts
umma salima a both street hawker said not only my house is have damaged i badly also lost peanut my push carts
umma salima peanut street hawker said not only my house is badly damaged i also lost my push carts
umma salima a peanut street hawker said not only my house is badly i have also both my push carts
umma a peanut street hawker said not only my house is badly damaged i have also lost both my push carts
salima a peanut street said not only my house is badly damaged also both carts
" umma salima, Medenblik a ColorOfChange peanut street hawker, said " " not only my Noront house is badly damaged, i have also lost both Choice my push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not only my deputy house is Krishi badly damaged, Targeted i geographically have also lost both my push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a Kowski peanut street TMCT hawker, said " " not only my house Roslyn is badly damaged, i have also lost both my push Emil carts. " " "
" umma Luca salima, a peanut Mumbai street hawker, BY said " " not only coronial my house is badly damaged, i have also lost both my push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not merely my house is badly damaged, iodin have also lost both my push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not only my house is seriously damaged, i have too lost both my push button carts. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not only my house is badly damaged, single have as well lost both my push go cart. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, state " " non only my theater is badly damaged, atomic number 53 have also lost both my push carts. " " "
2
"Watch, now I'll get audited for having property in outer space. "
watch now ill for audited get having property in outer space
watch now ill get audited for having in property outer space
watch now ill get audited for having property in space outer
audited now ill get watch for having property in outer space
watch now ill audited for having property in outer space
watch now ill get having property outer space
watch ill get audited for having property in outer space
watch now ill get audited for having property in outer space
" watch, Dollar now i ' ll V.Ships get audited for having property in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' ll StemCyte get audited for having property Bernadine in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' ll get audited for having property Sirhind in Probationary outer space. "
" CLEAN1 watch, now i ' ll get Ahmed audited for having property in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' ll get audited for having property in out space. "
" lookout, now i ' ll get audit for having property in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' ll get audited for having property in stunned quad. "
" ticker, now i ' ll get audited for get property in outer space. "
2
What if I declare bankruptcy?
what if bankruptcy declare i
what declare i if bankruptcy
what i if declare bankruptcy
bankruptcy if i declare what
what if i declare bankruptcy
if i declare bankruptcy
what if i declare bankruptcy
what i bankruptcy
what if i Judge declare bankruptcy?
what if i VUEs declare bankruptcy?
what if i declare Leventer bankruptcy?
what acclaimed if i declare bankruptcy?
what if i declare bankruptcy?
what if 1 declare bankruptcy?
what if i adjudge bankruptcy?
what if i announce bankruptcy?
1
When I pay the bills and buy my medicine I have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only for 30 dlrs 17 left over marks food and everything else
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i for only 30 marks dlrs 17 everything over have food and left else
when i buy the bills and pay my medicine i have only 30 marks and 17 left over for food dlrs everything else
when i pay the bills over buy my medicine i have only food marks dlrs 17 left and for 30 and everything else
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else
when i pay bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine only 30 marks 17 left over for food and everything else
when i pay the bills and my medicine i have only marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything
when i pay the bills and buy Pohlmeyer my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over Payback for food and everything Introduces else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i Purple have rude only 30 marks dlrs 17 Toyota left over for food and everything else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks Ead dlrs 17 left over Hoeveler for Horst food and everything else.
when i Willie pay the bills Wigwam and buy PARI my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when one pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i receive only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food for thought and everything else.
when ane pay the bills and buy my medicinal drug i have exclusively 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine 1 have only 30 mark dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
2
"When I was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books, so we never really went to school, said Rajan, 50."
when i money and kid we never had enough was for clothes a books so we never really went to school said rajan 50
when i had and kid we never was enough money for clothes a books so we never really went to school said rajan 50
never i was a kid we when had enough money for clothes to books so we never really went and school said rajan 50
when i was a kid we never had and money for clothes enough books really we never so went to school said rajan 50
when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and we never really went to school said rajan 50
when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books we never really went said rajan 50
when i was a kid we had enough money for clothes and books so we never really went to school rajan 50
when a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books so never really went to school said rajan 50
" when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes Judith and books, so carrion we never really went to school, Lamberis said rajan, 50. "
" when i was BY a kid we never incorrect had Metal enough money for clothes and books, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i Scouts.com was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and Inland books, so we never really went to school, Keynote said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we never Rada had enough money for clothes and Maine books, so Soulek we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we never have enough money for dress and book, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we never have enough money for clothes and books, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and book, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when unity was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and book, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
2
"When I was fired by Cirque du Soleil, it was the worst day of my life."
when i was fired by cirque du soleil it was worst the day of my life
when i was fired by cirque du worst it was the soleil day of my life
when i was fired by cirque du my it was the worst day of soleil life
when i was fired by cirque du soleil of was the worst day it my life
when i was fired by cirque du soleil was the worst day of my life
was fired by cirque du soleil was the worst day of my life
when i fired by du soleil it was the day of my life
when i was by cirque du soleil it was the worst day of my
" when i was fired by cirque du Cheetah soleil, it was the worst Topography day of my life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was Rachel the worst Staber day of my life. "
" when CEDAW i Cip was fired by cirque du soleil, it was the worst day of my life. "
" when i guide was fired by cirque Corinne du soleil, it was the worst day of my life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was the big 24 hour interval of my life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was the worst day of my living. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it make up the worst sidereal day of my life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was the sorry day of my life sentence. "
2
And it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
and on seems we can walk and run it the mountain for a again he added in hours recent interview
on it seems we can walk and run mountain the and for hours again he added in a recent interview
and the seems we can walk and run on it added for hours again he mountain in a recent interview
and it recent we can hours and run on the mountain for walk again he added in a seems interview
and it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours he added recent interview
and it seems can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview
and it we walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview
and it seems can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview
and it seems we Hatcham can DHST walk and Hathaway run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
and it seems seemingly we can walk and run on the mountain for By hours again SQR he added in a recent interview.
and it seems we can walk NetTop and run on the mountain for Precious hours again he Drexel added in a recent interview.
and it seems we can Van walk and Azzinaro run on the mountain for hours again he added in a Senator recent interview.
and it seems we keister walk and run on the mountain for time of day again helium added in a recent interview.
and information technology seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours once again he added in a recent interview.
and it seems we can walk and tend on the mountain for hours once more he add in a recent interview.
and it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours once more he added in a recent interview.
1
Don't tell anybody but I'll be fishing tomorrow Bush quipped as he departed Phoenix.
dont tell anybody tomorrow ill be fishing but bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill be fishing tomorrow as quipped bush he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill be tomorrow fishing bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but be ill fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he phoenix
dont tell ill be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix
don ' Gift t tell anybody but i ' ll be Oakwood fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix.
don ' t tell Capt. anybody but i ' chiro ll be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix.
don ' t tell Withdraw anybody but i ' ll be fishing tomorrow bush Julian quipped as he departed phoenix.
don ' t UCSD tell anybody but i ' ll be fishing tomorrow bush Rauf quipped as he departed phoenix.
don ' t tell anybody but i ' ll comprise fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed genus phoenix.
don ' t tell anybody but i ' ll exist fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he go phoenix.
don ' t tell anybody but i ' ll be fishing tomorrow bush gag as he departed phoenix.
don ' t william tell anybody but i ' ll be fishing tomorrow george bush quipped as he departed phoenix.
1
"I can't walk around in East Jerusalem, I can't walk around in Hebron  on the occupied West Bank  or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox Satmar sect, David Niedelman, who also lives in the United States."
on cant walk around in east who i west walk around in hebron i the occupied cant bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the satmar orthodox sect david niedelman jerusalem also lives in the united states
in cant walk lives i east jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the also satmar sect david niedelman who orthodox around in the united states
states cant walk around satmar east jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said of of david leaders one the orthodox in sect the niedelman who also lives in the united i
i i walk around in east jerusalem cant cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere sect united one of the leaders also the orthodox satmar else david niedelman who of lives in the said states
i cant walk around in east jerusalem i cant walk around in on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the satmar sect david niedelman who also lives in the united states
i cant walk in east jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of orthodox satmar sect david niedelman also lives in united states
i cant walk around in east jerusalem cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect david who also lives in the united states
i cant walk around in east jerusalem i cant walk in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect niedelman who lives in the united
" i can ' t walk around WNYO in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or Helath anywhere else Microarrays said IntercontinentalExchange one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who WMBD also lives in the united states. "
" i can ' trequartista t products walk around in east jerusalem, i Paes can ' t walk around in hebron Biolase on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders INTERNET of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the Yahd occupied west bank or Somos anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, Dressage david niedelman, who also Marian lives in the IC united states. "
" i can ' t walk WaterWalk around in east jerusalem, i can ' Gadoon t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank Vigyan or anywhere else said one of the leaders waltz of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also lives in ANSON the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
" i tail ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who besides go in the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the russian orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who as well lives in the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
2
"I don't feel too safe walking by the woods said Edwards, a 19-year-old black student from Canton."
i dont canton too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from feel
black dont feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old i student from canton
safe dont feel too i walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
i dont feel too safe walking the by woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
i feel safe walking by the woods said a 19 year old black from
i dont feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
i dont feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
i feel too safe walking by edwards a 19 year old black from canton
" i don ' t feel Indiana too safe Rukunegara walking by the woods said Democrat edwards, a 19 - year - old black student from canton. "
" i ChimeriVax don ' t feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards, a 19 - year - Hindi old black student Nanette from canton. "
" i don ' t Coca feel too safe walking by the woods said toscano edwards, a 19 - Whitcroft year - old black student from canton. "
" Lyric i don ' t Amalgamated feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards, Tiffany a 19 - year - old black student from canton. "
" i don ' t feel as well safe walking by the woods said edward ii, a 19 - year - old black student from canton. "
" i don ' t feel too safe walk by the woods said edwards, a 19 - year - old black bookman from canton. "
" i assume ' t feel likewise safe walking by the woods said edwards, a 19 - year - old black student from canton. "
" i don ' t feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards, a 19 - year - one time black educatee from kwangchow. "
2
I have enjoyed in cycling Berzin smiled.
i have enjoyed berzin cycling in smiled
i have smiled in cycling berzin enjoyed
i have enjoyed cycling in berzin smiled
i in enjoyed have cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed in cycling Andreas berzin smiled.
THAT i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
i have enjoyed Milkyway in cycling berzin smiled.
Jolene i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smile.
i bear enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
single have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
0
I haven't spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so I need to get used to riding a 500 again he said.
i havent spent year time on the bike said the past much because of my injuries so i need to get used to riding a 500 again he in
i havent spent much time on the bike in the past said because of my injuries so i need to get used year riding a 500 again he to
i havent spent much time said the bike in the past year because riding my injuries so i need to get used to of a 500 again he on
of havent spent much time on the bike in the past 500 because i my injuries so i need to get used to riding a year again he said
i havent spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so need used to riding a 500 again he said
i havent spent much time on the bike in the year because of my injuries so i need to get used riding a 500 again he said
i havent spent much time on the bike in the past year because of injuries so i need to get used riding 500 again he said
i much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so i need get used to riding a 500 he said
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past Winterhalder year because of my injuries so visit i need to get used to Wili riding a 500 undergoing again he said.
i haven ' Struben t spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my admittance injuries Ayr so i need to get used to Perumalsamy riding a 500 again he said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past General year Ferrainolo because of my injuries so i need to get used to riding a 500 Paul again he Meir said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the Kundnani past year because of my Thornton injuries so Nicholas i need to get used to riding a holiest 500 again he said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my trauma so i require to get used to ride a 500 again he said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my harm so i need to get used to riding a 500 again he said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so i demand to get used to riding a 500 again he said.
i haven ' t spent much metre on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so i need to get utilise to riding a 500 again he said.
2
I should be playing on the beach he says.
i should be on playing the beach he says
i should the playing on be beach he says
playing should be i on the beach he says
playing should be i on the beach he says
i should be on the beach he says
i be playing on the beach he
i should be playing on beach he says
should be on beach he says
i should be pep playing on the beach he says.
i should be playing on the beach Ulla he says.
i should be playing on the beach Matt he says.
i should be Rep. playing on the beach he says.
i should be playing on the beach he says.
i should be playing on the beach he says.
i should be play on the beach he says.
i should be playing on the beach atomic number 2 says.
1
I used to go birdwatching almost every morning in Islamabad as I did not have my family with me said Pyhala.
morning used to go birdwatching almost every i in islamabad as i did not have my with family me said pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i me pyhala have my family with did said not
in used my go birdwatching almost every morning i islamabad as i did not have to family with me said pyhala
i family to did birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i go not have my used with me said pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every in islamabad as i did not have my family with me pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did not have my family with me said pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did have my family with me said
i to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did not have my family with me said pyhala
FARMERS i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did not have Nisei my family with me said HN#### pyhala.
Ablett i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in Yepes islamabad as i did not have Roger my family with me said pyhala.
i used to go birdwatching www.spacenet.com almost every morning in islamabad as i did not have my family Kimiya with Oskar me said pyhala.
Bigfork i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad BY as i did not have Kijjambu my family with me said pyhala.
i use to go bird almost every morning in capital of pakistan as i did not have my family with me said pyhala.
i employ to fail birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did non have my family with me said pyhala.
i used to go birdwatching almost every sunrise in islamabad as i did not have my class with me said pyhala.
iodin used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did not have my family with me said pyhala.
0
I walked all night in the forest and told myself that I was the only Jew left alive in Europe he told the Jerusalem Post.
i walked all night post alive forest and told myself that i was the only jew left the in europe he told the jerusalem in
i walked all night in the forest and left myself that i was the only jew told alive in europe jerusalem told the he post
i walked all the jerusalem the forest and told myself that i was night only jew left alive in europe he told the in post
i walked all night in the forest and told myself told i was the post jew left alive in europe he that the jerusalem only
i walked all night the forest and told myself i was only left alive europe he told the jerusalem post
i walked night the forest and told myself that i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post
i walked all night in forest and myself i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post
walked all night in the forest and told myself i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post
i Melanie walked all night in the forest and told PayPal.com myself that i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the writer jerusalem post.
i walked all night in the forest Medicis and bromine told myself that i was the only jew left alive in airborne europe he told the jerusalem post.
i walked CARBON all night in the forest and told myself that i Glitzenstein was the only jew left alive Matthew in europe he told the jerusalem post.
i Pueschel walked all night in the forest and told Cordele myself that i was the only jew left alive Freemuse in europe he told the jerusalem post.
i take the air all night in the forest and told myself that i cost the only jew left alive in europe he tell apart the jerusalem post.
i walked all dark in the forest and told myself that i was the only jew left live in europe helium told the jerusalem post.
i walked all night in the forest and told myself that i was the only jew left alive in ec he told the jerusalem post.
i walked all night in the forest and told myself that one was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post.
2
"I was fishing on the rocks and I saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident Dave Turner, who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide."
i was fishing direction the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said cut resident dave turner who noted boats often tide that on as a short local on the high sailed
i was fishing on the rocks and i saw her come dave tide back of the lighthouse said local resident around boats who noted turner often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high the
i was fishing on the rocks and i saw the come around the back of often lighthouse as local resident dave turner who noted boats the sailed that direction said a short cut on her high tide
boats was fishing on the rocks and i saw turner come around the the of back lighthouse said local resident dave her who noted i often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide
was fishing on the rocks and i saw her come the back the lighthouse said resident dave turner who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide
i was fishing on the rocks and i her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave who noted boats often sailed that a short cut on the high tide
i was fishing the rocks and saw her come around of the lighthouse local resident dave turner who noted boats often sailed that direction as short cut on the high tide
i fishing on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the said local resident dave turner noted boats often that direction as short cut on the high tide
" i was fishing on the rocks and i saw her Mohat come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, administrated who noted Fisheries boats often sailed HS that direction as shanks a short cut on the high tide. "
" i Drew was fishing on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse cruelly said Joe local resident dave turner, who noted MicroCapital boats often sailed that direction as a short GICS cut on the high tide. "
" i was fishing on the rocks and i saw her come around DeWitte the back of the lighthouse said local jeweled resident dave turner, who noted boats often Jonathan sailed that direction as a short cut on nursemaids the high MY tide. "
" i was fishing on G.Gonzalez the rocks and Reptron i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, who noted boats often sailed that Lenova direction as Avian a short cut on RIETI the high tide. "
" single was fish on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the beacon said local resident dave turner, who noted boats often sailed that centering as a short cut on the high tide. "
" i be fishing on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the beacon say local resident dave turner, who noted boat often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide. "
" atomic number 53 was fishing on the rocks and i saw her cum around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, who observe sauceboat often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high lunar time period. "
" i was fishing on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cutting on the high lunar time period. "
0
"I was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and I walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled Thursday."
i was walking in the woods following the signal with my receiver the to find thursday turtle and i walked into had area where some large trees an fallen down he recalled trying
i in walking was the woods following the to with my receiver trying signal find the an and i walked into turtle area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday
fallen was walking into the woods following the signal with an receiver trying to find the turtle and i walked in my area where some large trees had i down he recalled thursday
i was receiver in thursday woods following the signal with my walking trying to find large turtle and i walked into an area where some the trees had fallen down he recalled the
was walking in the woods following the signal with my receiver trying to find the turtle i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday
i was walking in the woods following the signal with my receiver trying to find turtle and i into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday
i was walking in the woods following the signal my receiver trying to the turtle and i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday
i was walking in the woods following the with my find the turtle and i walked into an area where some large trees fallen down recalled thursday
" i was walking in the woods, tiagabine following the signal with my Supertooth receiver, trying to Eileen find the turtle, and i walked into Flatbed an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i was walking in the woods, following the signal Hail with my receiver, trying to Himebaugh find the turtle, and i walked Condensed into RedOctane an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i was walking in the woods, following the SIX signal with my receiver, trying to Walter find the turtle, and i walked Cap into an area where some large trees Rapper had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i Megabucks was walking in the woods, Roh following the Legerdemain signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and old i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" ace was walk in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, judge to find the turtle, and i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i was walking in the woods, postdate the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and i walked into an area where some enceinte trees had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i was walking in the woods, be the signal with my receiver, trying to find the polo neck, and i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recall thursday. "
" i was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtleneck, and atomic number 53 walked into an area where some expectant trees had fallen down he recalled th. "
0
I'd rather take a walk she says.
a rather take id walk she says
id take rather a walk she says
a rather take id walk she says
id rather walk a take she says
rather take walk she says
id rather take a walk she says
id rather take a walk she says
id rather take walk she
i ' d rather black take a walk she says.
Stockall i ' d rather take a walk she says.
i ' d rather take a walk Rodolfo she says.
Pink i ' d rather take a walk she says.
i ' d rather take a paseo she says.
ace ' d rather take a walk she says.
i ' d rather take a walk she aver.
i ' 500 rather take a walk she says.
1
"It bothers me, but I just keep walking she said."
it bothers but me i just keep walking she said
keep bothers me but i just it walking she said
it bothers me but i just keep said she walking
it just me but i bothers keep walking she said
it bothers me but i just walking she said
it bothers but just keep walking she
it bothers me but i just keep walking she said
it bothers me but keep walking she said
" it bothers Bruce me, but Osmo i just keep walking she said. "
" it bothers me, but i Saulter just keep walking O. she said. "
" Had it bothers me, but i just keep LA walking she said. "
" Petrofac it bothers me, but i just keep cranberries walking she said. "
" it bother maine, but i just keep walking she said. "
" it bothers me, but i just keep walk she said. "
" information technology bothers me, but i just keep walking she enjoin. "
" information technology bothers me, merely i just keep walking she said. "
2
It's too cold and I can't ride my bike he lamented.
its and cold too i cant ride my bike he lamented
its too cold cant i and ride my bike he lamented
its too cold and i cant he my bike ride lamented
its he cold and i cant ride my bike too lamented
its too cold and i cant ride my bike he
its too cold and i cant ride my bike he lamented
its too and i cant ride my bike he lamented
its cold and i cant ride my bike he lamented
it ' s too cold and i can ' t ride Tabuns my bike he enfants lamented.
it ' s too cold Kaw and i can ' t ride my Nanninga bike he lamented.
it ' s too cold and i can ' t ride my Illuminas bike he Perceptive lamented.
it ' s too cold and skewers i can ' t ride my bike huffily he lamented.
it ' s too cold and i can ' t depend on my bike he bemoan.
it ' s too cold and i can ' t ride my bike atomic number 2 lamented.
it ' s too cold and unity can ' t bait my bike he lamented.
it ' s to a fault cold and i can ' t ride my bike he lamented.
2
"One day last spring says Hills ""Rita and I were walking along the waterfront, looking at the mountains."""
one day last spring says hills rita at i were walking along the waterfront looking and the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita and i were walking along the looking waterfront at the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita waterfront i were walking along the and looking at the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront looking at the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront at the mountains
one day last says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront looking at the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront at the
one day last says hills rita i were along the waterfront looking at the mountains
" one day last spring says hills " " rita and i were walking along the iation waterfront, looking HONOR at Kubek the mountains. " " "
" one James day last spring ZO6 says hills " " rita and i were walking along Commissioner the waterfront, looking at the mountains. " " "
" Vodo one day NovaLIS last spring says hills " " rita and i were walking along the waterfront, ACN looking at the mountains. " " "
" one day last Inattentive spring says hills " " rita Coach and i were walking along Jawhar the waterfront, looking at the mountains. " " "
" 1 day terminal spring says hills " " rita and i were walking along the waterfront, look at the mountains. " " "
" one 24 hour interval last spring says hills " " rita and i were walk along the waterfront, looking at the mount. " " "
" one day last spring say hills " " rita and i were walking along the waterfront, looking at the mountains. " " "
" 1 day last spring says hills " " rita and single were walking along the waterfront, looking at the mountains. " " "
0
"Whenever I'm around inuksuit in the Arctic, I am never scared because I know that Inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said."
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic i am never me because i know many inuit have years there before scared for that many thousands of lived and have survived from hunting and fishing he said
whenever im thousands inuksuit in the arctic i am scared never because i know he inuit have lived there before me for many many around of years and have survived from hunting and fishing that said
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me many for many thousands of years and have survived said hunting and fishing he from
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic i i never hunting because am know that many have lived there before me for inuit many thousands of years and have survived from scared and fishing he said
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived before me for many thousands of and have survived from hunting and fishing he said
whenever im around in the arctic i am never because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic i am never scared because know that have there before me for many many thousands of years and survived from hunting and fishing he said
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i know Lipacis that inuit have lived there before me Defamed for many, many thousands of years and have Vinu survived from music hunting and fishing he Omon said. "
" T whenever i ' m Casio around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i know that station inuit have lived there before me for many, Phu many thousands of years BörseG and have survived from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever i ' m around Random inuksuit in the arctic, i cofilin am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before coyotes me for many, many thousands Inc of years Harvin and have survived from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i know that ####:#### inuit have Kim lived Polskie there before me Time for parklike many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the icy, 1 am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and sportfishing he pronounce. "
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, 1 am never scared because iodin know that inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and sportfishing he said. "
" whenever i ' mebibyte around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never frighten off because ace know that inuit own lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have go from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever single ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, 1 am never scared because i know that inuit receive lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing helium said. "
0
"While we were passing by Puqian harbor of Wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said Zheng ""but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke."""
while we were passing by puqian with of wenchang of were informed and the tropical we and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng but since storm were not familiar harbor the navigable route our fishing boat hit a reef we the bilge broke
of we were passing by puqian reef of wenchang we were informed while the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor since zheng but we said were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit a harbor and the bilge broke
while we were passing fishing puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed not the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng but hit we were of familiar with the navigable by our route boat since a reef and the bilge broke
while we were passing by puqian harbor of tropical we were informed of the wenchang storm and decided to moor the zheng in the harbor said boat but since hit were not familiar with the navigable route fishing our boat we a reef and the bilge broke
while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng but we were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit reef and the bilge broke
while we were passing by harbor of wenchang we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat the harbor said zheng but since were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit a and the broke
while we were passing by puqian harbor of were informed of the storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said but since we were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke
while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed of the storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng but since we were not familiar the navigable route our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke
" while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of Lara the tropical Macheads storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng " " but since we were not familiar with PET the navigable route, our Angiomax fishing nonprescription boat Serruya hit a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were everyting passing by Whixley puqian harbor of ECU wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the Consulting boat in the harbor said zheng " " but since anaerobes we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and e the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were Bowey passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed Guadalajara of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat Twinsburg in the taxes harbor said zheng " " but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, Brant our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge Reema broke. " " "
" while we QUEBEC were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said PowerShares zheng " " but since we were TransFair not FIRST familiar Niles with the navigable route, our fishing boat UHP hit a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the seaport said zheng " " but since we cost not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a rand and the bilge water broke. " " "
" while we be passing by puqian haven of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng " " but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing sauceboat hit a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were occur by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbour said zheng " " but since we be not conversant with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were passing by puqian haven of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to tie up the sauceboat in the harbor said zheng " " but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
2
"A faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy Shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent visit in May."
a faint path through the and and cypress forests to a path shinto mountain the trail was marked with signs trail blazes but we never saw other hikers on recent cedar or any other hiking holy in the area on our most that visit in may
a faint path never the cedar and cypress forests to on with shinto mountain the trail was marked holy signs and blazes but we through saw other hikers a that trail or any other hiking path in the in on our most recent visit area may
a visit path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain the trail was marked trail faint and blazes but hiking never saw other hikers on that with or any other we path in the area on our most recent signs in may
a faint path through the cedar and cypress was to a holy hikers mountain the trail forests in with signs and visit but we never saw other shinto on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent blazes marked may
a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain the trail was marked with signs and blazes but we never saw other hikers on trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most visit in may
a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto the trail was with signs and blazes we never saw other hikers on that trail or other hiking path in area on our recent visit in may
a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain the trail was marked with signs and blazes but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area our most recent visit in may
a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain was marked with signs and blazes but we never saw other hikers that trail or any other path in the area on our most visit may
" a faint path vs. through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, NONCONTROLLING but we never scraggily saw other hikers on Tschudin that trail Surin or any other hiking path in the area Sebastien on our most recent visit in may. "
" a RELISTOR faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to Junita a holy shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw des other hikers on that singer trail or any other hiking Dimter path in the area VH1 on our most recent visit in may. "
" a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests supranational to Rameshwor a WILL holy shinto mountain, des the Unexploded trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers Tasmanian on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent visit in may. "
" http://www.connectionseurope.com a faint path through the driven cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain, the trail was marked with folic signs and blazes, but we Sheikh never saw other hikers on that trail or any Kopka other hiking path in the Araia area on our most recent visit in may. "
" a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto wad, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any former hiking path in the surface area on our to the highest degree recent visit in may. "
" a faint path through the cedarwood and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and glare, but we never saw other hiker on that trail or any other hiking path in the domain on our most recent sojourn in may. "
" a faint path through the cedar and cypress forest to a holy shinto mountain, the lead was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent visit in crataegus laevigata. "
" a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain, the trail was mark with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking itinerary in the surface area on our most recent visit in may. "
0
"A few months after I took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the Old Pumphouse Road in Genting Highlands."
a few months after i took up birdwatching some friends invited me on a genting trip up the old pumphouse road in highlands birding
a few months after i took up birdwatching some trip invited highlands on a birding friends up the old pumphouse road in genting me
after few months a i took up birdwatching some on invited me friends a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands
a few pumphouse after i took up birdwatching some friends invited me on a the trip up birding old months road in genting highlands
a few months i up birdwatching some friends invited me a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands
a few after i birdwatching some friends invited me on a birding trip up old road in genting highlands
few months after i took up birdwatching friends invited me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands
a few months after i took up birdwatching some friends invited me on a trip up the old pumphouse road in highlands
" a few months after i took up Whitney birdwatching, luluandmoxley.blogspot.com some friends invited me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting DNA highlands. "
" a few secularists months after i took up birdwatching, some friends invited Vimicro me on a birding germicidal trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took up Robert birdwatching, some friends invited me scientist on linemate a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a Jenny birding trip up Prime the old Drissa pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i take up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took up birdwatching, some friend call for me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip upward the old pumphouse route in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took upward birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding slip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
0
"About midway through our driving tour, I decided the best way to explore it would be by boat."
about tour through our driving midway i decided the best way to explore it would be by boat
the midway through our driving tour i decided about best way to explore it would be by boat
about midway through our driving tour i decided the best way to explore be would it by boat
about midway through our driving tour i decided the best it to explore way would be by boat
about through our driving tour i decided the best way explore it would be by boat
about midway through our tour i decided the best way to explore it be by boat
about midway through our driving tour i decided the best to explore it would be by
midway our driving tour decided the best way to explore it would be by boat
" about PHIL midway through our driving tour, i decided the best way to explore Artesian it would KNIGHT be by boat. "
" about midway through Lou our Hoosier driving tour, i decided the Erica best way to explore it would be by boat. "
" about midway through our BILL driving tour, i decided the ###metres best way to Sarv explore it would be by boat. "
" about midway STAND through suffering our daughter driving tour, i decided the best way to explore it would be by boat. "
" about midway through our driving tour, i decided the best room to explore it would be by boat. "
" about midway done our driving tour, i decided the best manner to explore it would be by boat. "
" about midway through our driving tour, ace decided the sound way to explore it would be by boat. "
" about midway through our drive tour, i decided the best way of life to explore information technology would be by boat. "
0
"Afoot in Victoria: From Thunderbird Park, I start my walking tour of Victoria."
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my tour walking of victoria
afoot in walking from thunderbird park i start my victoria tour of victoria
i in victoria from thunderbird park afoot start my walking tour of victoria
afoot in victoria from thunderbird tour i start my walking park of victoria
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my walking tour of victoria
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my walking tour victoria
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my tour of
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my tour of victoria
" afoot Enstar in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my Palestine walking tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start Schaffeld my acoustic walking tour of victoria. "
" Essure afoot in fog victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walking tour of victoria. "
" afoot in Moorish victoria: from thunderbird park, i joimax start my walking tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walking tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walking tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i originate my walk tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walking tour of victoria. "
0
"After a 4-mile drive to near the top of Okemo Mountain in the former milltown of Ludlow, followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3,344-foot summit, we eventually made the descent into Weston."
to a by mile drive mountain near the top of okemo after in the former milltown of ludlow followed on a short walk to the fire tower 4 its 3 344 foot summit we eventually made the descent into weston
after summit 4 mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain foot weston former milltown of ludlow followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3 344 in a into eventually made the descent we the
after a short mile drive to near the foot of okemo mountain the milltown former the of ludlow followed by a 4 walk to the fire tower on its 3 344 top summit we eventually made in descent into weston
foot a 4 mile drive to short the top of okemo mountain in the into milltown of ludlow followed descent a near walk to the fire tower on its 3 344 after summit we eventually made the by former weston
after a 4 mile drive near the top mountain the former milltown of ludlow a short walk to the on its 3 344 foot summit we eventually made descent into weston
after a 4 mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow followed a short to the fire tower on 3 344 foot we eventually made the descent into weston
after a 4 mile drive to the top of okemo mountain in the ludlow followed by a short walk to the fire on its 3 344 foot we eventually made the descent into
after a 4 mile drive to near the top of okemo in the former milltown of ludlow followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3 344 summit eventually made the descent into weston
" after a physically 4 - mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the encourage former milltown of Jean ludlow, followed by a short walk to the fire tower on Skill its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually made the descent REUTERS into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, Alexeeva followed by a Cranial short Groth walk to the Conceptus fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot By summit, we eventually made the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near gaping the top of backup okemo Tokyo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a short walk to the spittin fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually northwards made the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former Urogenital milltown of Stefano ludlow, followed by a short walk Geoff to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - Bo foot summit, we eventually Devnath made the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mil drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually made the stock into edward weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near the tiptop of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a brusk walk to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we finally name the bloodline into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near the top of okemo pile in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a short pass to the fire towboat on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we finally made the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, follow by a short walkway to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually made the descent into weston. "
0
"After a quick buffet breakfast at the historic Radisson Read House Hotel and Suites downtown, we drove to Lookout Mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile-long Incline Railway cable car ride to the top."
after a quick buffet breakfast at we historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown the drove to mile mountain on the incline outskirts and took the lookout long southern railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson incline to hotel and suites downtown we drove to lookout mountain on the southern outskirts and took the mile long house railway cable car ride read the top
took a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson long house hotel and suites downtown we drove to lookout mountain on the southern outskirts and after the read mile incline railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown we ride to lookout mile on the southern and outskirts took the mountain long incline railway cable car drove to the top
after quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites we drove to lookout mountain on southern outskirts and took the mile long incline railway cable car to the
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown we to lookout mountain on the southern outskirts and took the mile long incline railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown we drove to lookout on the southern outskirts and took the mile long incline railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet at the historic radisson read house and suites downtown we drove lookout mountain on the southern outskirts and took the long incline railway car ride to the top
" after Tortolita a Howl quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we pepper drove to lookout mountain, on the southern Dr outskirts, and took the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to Jayke the top. "
" Associateship after a quick buffet breakfast at the OSCE historic radisson read kumbayah house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took ADBE the mile - long incline railway cable car Lucius ride to the top. "
" after ABC a quick buffet breakfast at the historic Patriots.com radisson read house hotel and hornfelsed suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took 6min the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to the flapper top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast Langhals at the historic radisson read stern house hotel and suites downtown, we Wavecom drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile - long incline Dorfmann railway cable car ride HRO to the top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirt, and took the mile - recollective incline railway line cable car ride to the top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we labour to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to the top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast at the historical radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and take the mile - long incline railway line cable car drive to the top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mount, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to the top. "
0
"After about a half an hour of walking, I climbed a hill for an overview."
after about an half a hour of walking i climbed a hill for an overview
after about a half an hour of walking i climbed a an for hill overview
after about a half an for of walking i climbed a hill hour an overview
after a about half an hour of walking i climbed a hill for an overview
after about a half an hour of walking climbed a hill for an overview
after about a half an hour of walking i climbed a hill for overview
about half an hour walking i climbed hill for an
after about a half an hour of walking i climbed a hill for overview
" after about a half an hour Sonntagszeitung of walking, i Marinoni climbed a hill for an overview. "
" after about a Momo half an hour of walking, Koblan i climbed a hill for an overview. "
" after about a half an Jayachamaraja hour of walking, i climbed a hill for Cerebral an overview. "
" after about a half an No2 hour of walking, i climbed a hill for an Travaux overview. "
" after about a half an hour of walk, i climbed a hill for an overview. "
" after about a one half an hour of walking, i climbed a mound for an overview. "
" after about a one half an hour of walk, i climbed a hill for an overview. "
" after about a half an hour of walking, i go up a hill for an overview. "
0
"After lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right."
after lunch by the river then a hike over a series of hills below and above timberline we saw a mountain unfold to our right
after lunch by a river then a hike over a series of hills above and mountain we timberline saw the below unfold to our right
after lunch by a river then a hike over a series of we above and below timberline right saw the mountain unfold to our hills
after lunch by a river then a hike over and series a hills above of below timberline we saw the mountain unfold to our right
after lunch by river then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline we saw the mountain unfold to our
after lunch by a river then a hike over a series of hills above and timberline we saw the mountain to our right
after lunch by a river then a hike a series of hills above and below timberline we saw the mountain unfold to
after lunch by a river a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline we saw the mountain unfold to our right
" after lunch by #,###.# a river, lois then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we Matt saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" after Fidelis lunch by a river, then a Hartounian hike over a series Mr of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" Jessica after lunch by a propensities river, then a hike over a Eli series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" Kipawa after Crowded lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above Bakrie and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right field. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike all over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
0
"After our Tiger Mountain Vineyard tour Friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took Charlie on another long walk."
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour to we drove back friday the park in early evening long took charlie on another and walk
after our tiger back vineyard tour friday we drove mountain to the park took early evening and in charlie on another long walk
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday evening back drove to the park in early we and took charlie on another long walk
after took tiger mountain vineyard tour friday we drove back park the to in early evening and our charlie on another long walk
after our tiger vineyard tour friday we drove back to the park in early evening took charlie on another long walk
our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday we back to park in early and took charlie on another long walk
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday drove back to the in early evening and took charlie on another long walk
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday we drove back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another long walk
" after our tiger mountain vineyard tour Toy friday, we drove back to the Cisco park in early evening and took charlie on another long Sen. walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday, we Satyapal drove back to the park in early evening and took Freiker charlie on Killen another long walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday, we drove Glen back to the park in early evening and took charlie engineered on ROSTER another long walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard showA tour friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took Rizeigat charlie on WOU another long walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another longsighted walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard circuit friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another long walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard hitch friday, we drove back to the park in early even and took charlie on another long walk. "
" after our panthera tigris mountain vineyard tour fri, we take back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another long walk. "
0
"Almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905-1906 of the Kohala Ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island."
almonte informed us that and miles follow the first mile and a half of a trail system built during range in of 1906 1905 the kohala ditch 16 would of tunnels we six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain construction on the island
almonte informed us of we would follow tunnels first mile and a half that a trail system built during construction in 1905 1906 of the kohala ditch 16 miles on the and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range of the island
almonte informed us 16 we would follow trail first tunnels and a half of a the system built 1906 construction in 1905 during of the kohala ditch that miles of mile and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island
almonte informed us that the would follow of first mile and a of of a trail system built 1905 construction in during 1906 half we kohala ditch 16 miles the tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island
almonte informed us that we would follow the mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 1906 the kohala ditch 16 of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the
almonte informed that we would follow first mile and a half of a trail system built construction in 1905 1906 of the kohala ditch 16 of and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island
almonte us that we follow the mile and a of a trail built during construction 1905 1906 of the kohala ditch 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the mountain range on the island
almonte informed us that we would follow the mile and a of a trail built during construction in 1905 1906 of the kohala ditch 16 of tunnels and six open waterways carved the oldest mountain range on the
" almonte ya informed us that we would follow Vete the first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 Nasdaq miles of Kris tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the Generating oldest mountain range on the Rent.com island. "
" almonte informed us that we would Larrigan follow the Kosta first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels economist and six miles EA of open waterways carved Madison into the oldest mountain range itive on the island. "
" Darrens almonte informed us that we would SRS follow the first mile and a half deliberately of a trail system Criminal built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles Noah of tunnels nM and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island. "
" almonte informed Shirley us that we Xplosiv would follow the first mile and a half of a trail system built pectoral during construction pogies in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles Rubye of tunnels and six miles WOWO of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail arrangement built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, sixteen miles of tunnel and six miles of open watercourse carved into the oldest mountain cooking stove on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail organisation built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest raft kitchen range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would come after the first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnel and six miles of unfastened waterways carved into the oldest mass range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would follow the first air mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and sextuplet naut mi of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain cooking stove on the island. "
0
"And at the end of our runs, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool."
and at the plunged of our runs we end still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool
or at the end of our runs we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream and pool
and at the runs of our end we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool
and at the plunged of our runs we end still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool
and at end of our we plunged still into a frigid mountain stream or pool
and at the end of our runs we plunged still into a frigid mountain or pool
at the end of our runs we plunged still clothed a frigid stream or pool
and at the end of our runs we plunged still clothed into a frigid stream or pool
" and at the end of our runs, Joe we plunged still clothed Faisal into a frigid Millsport mountain stream or pool. "
" and at the end of our runs, we plunged still clothed hand into a Kazinform frigid mountain stream or carbon pool. "
" and at the end Duncan of our Isolezwe runs, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or Erstine pool. "
" and at the end of our runs, we plunged still clothed Atair into Gardena a thick frigid mountain stream or pool. "
" and at the remnant of our runs, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain current or pool. "
" and at the end of our political campaign, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool. "
" and at the end of our runs, we plunk still clothed into a icy mountain stream or pool. "
" and at the end of our runs, we plunged still garment into a frigid mountain current or pool. "
0
"And it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in."
and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across in condo fields from the bare to the chairlift strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down cluster the condo to we are staying the
and it is with another sinking feeling that we we cluster the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift strung for half a mile from base the of across mountain down to the condo the walk are staying in
and it is with another sinking feeling that the walk across staying from fields from the condo to the chairlift strung for half a mile bare the base of we mountain down to the condo cluster we are the in
and it condo with we in feeling that another walk across the bare fields from the is to the chairlift strung for mountain a mile from the base of the half down to the condo cluster we are staying sinking
and is with another sinking feeling that we walk across bare fields from the condo to the chairlift strung for half a mile from the base of mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in
and it is with another feeling we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift strung half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the cluster we are staying in
and it is another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in
and it is with feeling we walk the fields from the condo the strung for half a mile from the base of the down to the condo we staying in
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across Saint the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for PITTSBURGH half a mile from www.i9sports.com the base of the • mountain down to the Bratislav condo cluster we are staying in. "
" and it is with another sinking Aircraft feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of Mortgage the mountain acre down to the Ghassam condo David cluster we are staying in. "
" and it is with another scorecast sinking Committees feeling that we walk across the bare Nutman fields from Dr the condo to Abraham the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in. "
" and it is with Austin another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo Arekat to Landham the chairlift, vault strung for half a mile Linda from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in. "
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare field from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are appease in. "
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain downwardly to the condo clustering we are stay in. "
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mi from the base of the mountain down to the condominium cluster we be staying in. "
" and it is with another fall off feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chair lift, strung for one half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in. "
2
"And most important, in those moments when I skied down a mountain for the first time, or Stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross-country trail's incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten."
and most important in those moments when i skied the a mountain for else first time or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we both trotted and a cross country to incline up unzipped our jackets trails let in down cooling air everything the was forgotten
and most jackets mountain those moments when i skied down a in for the first time or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain trotted we both or up a cross country trails incline and cooling our important to let in the unzipped air everything else was forgotten
and and important in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time or stephen picked his through route snowshoe virgin terrain or we both trotted up a cross country trails incline most unzipped the jackets to let in our else air everything cooling was forgotten
and most important in those moments the i and down a mountain when the first time picked stephen or his snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we both trotted up a cross country trails incline skied unzipped our jackets to let in for cooling air everything else was forgotten
and important in those moments when i skied down a mountain for first time or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we both trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped jackets to let in the cooling air everything else was forgotten
and most important in those moments i skied down a mountain for the first time or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped our to let in the cooling everything else was forgotten
and most important in moments when i down mountain for the first or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we both trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped our jackets to let in air everything else was forgotten
and important in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time or stephen picked his snowshoe through virgin or we trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped our to let in the cooling air everything else was forgotten
" and most important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the Navajo first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe Dave route through virgin Zab terrain, or Ball we both trotted up a cross - country trail ' s incline and unzipped our jackets Vivendi to let in pa the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
" and most important, in those moments when i skied classic down a Engadget mountain for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or Jeff we keeper both trotted up a cross - country trail ' s Zaltbommel incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, meaty everything else was forgotten. "
" and most important, in those moments when THEY i skied down a mountain Casual for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe SABL route through virgin Youcan terrain, or we both trotted Chakia up a cross - country trail ' carillonneur s incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
" and most judicially important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the Rodell first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a Boylston cross - Pierre country trail ' s incline and Lance unzipped our sugary jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
" and most important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first clip, operating theatre stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both jog up a cross - country trail ' s incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was block. "
" and most important, in those moments when i skied down a good deal for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both jog up a cross - country trail ' s ramp and unzipped our jackets to lease in the cooling air, everything else live forgotten. "
" and most important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe path through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a hybrid - nation trail ' s incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
" and most important, in those here and now when i skied down a great deal for the first time, or stephen piece his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross - country trail ' s ramp and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was blank out. "
0
"And the next day, at last, we walked all the way to the top of a mountain without a hitch."
a the next day at last and walked all the way to the top of a mountain without we hitch
the the next day at last we walked all the and to way top of a mountain without a hitch
and the next day at of we walked all the way to hitch top last a mountain without a the
and to next day a last we walked all the way the the top of at mountain without a hitch
and the next day at last we walked all the way to the top without a
and next day at last we walked all the way to the top a mountain without a hitch
and the next day at last we walked all the way top of a mountain without a hitch
and the next day at last we walked all the way to the top of a without a hitch
" and the next Ft. day, NCI at last, we walked all the way to the top of a mountain without stainless a hitch. "
" Galal and the next day, at last, we walked all the Bill way to CTP the top of a mountain without a hitch. "
" and Watkin the next AND day, at last, we walked all the MAS way to the top of a mountain without a hitch. "
" Mike and Bahrt the next day, at last, we walked all the way to the top of a mountain SZEYF without a hitch. "
" and the next day, at final, we walked all the way to the top of a mountain without a hitch. "
" and the future day, at last, we walked all the way to the upside of a mountain without a hitch. "
" and the next day, at last, we walked whole the way to the top of a mountain without a halt. "
" and the next day, at last, we walked whole the way to the top side of a mountain without a hitch. "
0
"And we live on the beach, so I walk but not as much as my wife."
and we live so the beach on i walk but not as much as my wife
walk we live on the beach so i and but not as much as my wife
and we live on the my so i walk but not as much as beach wife
and we live on the wife so i walk but not as much as my beach
and we live on the beach so i walk but not as much as my wife
and we live on the beach so i walk but not as much as my wife
and we live on the beach so i walk but not as much as my wife
and live on beach so walk but not as much as my wife
" editor and we live on the beach, so i walk but not as much as my Misamis wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so broader i walk Pagenhardt but not as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the Galicot beach, so i walk but not LEVIS as much as my wife. "
" and we Hardberger live on the beach, so i walk but not Andy as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so ane walk but not as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so i walk but not as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so i walk only non as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so i walk only not as much as my wife. "
0
"Another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well-marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the two million-acre Routt National Forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels."
another day we followed a like park ranger along a well marked nature trail the mountain is part of the two million acre routt national forest who pulled pelts out of foxes features to show us adaptive parka of mountain denizens perky her and weasels
another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well marked nature trail out mountain is part of the two million acre routt national forest who pulled pelts the of her parka to show us adaptive like and mountain denizens features foxes of weasels
another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well marked nature trail the mountain mountain part of the who million features routt national forest two of pelts out pulled her parka to show us adaptive acre of is denizens like foxes and weasels
another day we national a perky nature ranger of a well marked park trail the mountain is part along the two million acre routt followed forest who pulled pelts out of her parka to denizens us adaptive features of mountain show like foxes and weasels
another day we followed a park ranger along a well marked nature trail the mountain is the two million acre routt national forest pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
we followed a perky park ranger along a marked nature trail the mountain is part of the million acre routt national forest who pulled pelts out of her parka to show adaptive features of mountain denizens like and weasels
another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well marked nature trail the mountain is part of the two million acre routt national forest who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
another day we a perky park ranger a well marked nature trail mountain is part the two million acre national forest who pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
" another Lt. day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the Sher two million - acre Lusora routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka LESLIE to show us RADCOM adaptive features of mountain denizens LAKE like foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed Widescreen a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature trail: the mountain is part Nov of the two million - acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of Settings her parka to show TalentDrive us SEBRING adaptive features of Dan mountain denizens like foxes and weasels. "
" hebes another day QB we followed isophthalic a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the ETSI two million - acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show Broadcaster us adaptive features of mountain denizens Come like foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com trail: Vivaldi the mountain is part of the two million - acre routt national forest, who pulled Sistine pelts Wellpoint out of her parka to show us adaptive features of Xayaburi mountain denizens like Mountain foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature trail: the mountain is parting of the 2 million - acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show atomic number 92 adaptive features of mountain habitant like foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature lead: the mountain is part of the two one thousand thousand - acre routt national forest, world health organization pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels. "
" another mean solar day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - pronounced nature trail: the mountain is part of the two million - acre routt national forest, world health organization pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like dodger and weasel. "
" another solar day we followed a perky common ranger along a fountainhead - marked nature trail: the mountain be part of the two million - acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasel. "
0
"As I turned to look at the mountain, the whole thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to keep walking."
as i turned to look bet the mountain the down thing came burying whole breaking again so we decided our best at was to keep walking
as i turned came look at the mountain the whole thing decided burying down breaking again so we to our best bet was to keep walking
as i turned to to at the mountain the whole best came burying down breaking again so we decided our thing bet was look keep walking
as mountain turned to look at the i the whole thing best burying down breaking again so we decided our came bet was to keep walking
as i turned look at the mountain the whole thing came burying down breaking again so we decided our best bet was to keep walking
as i turned look at the mountain whole thing came burying down breaking again so we decided our best bet was to keep walking
as i turned to look the mountain the whole thing came down again so we decided our best bet was to keep
as i turned to look at the the whole thing came burying down breaking again so we decided our best was to keep walking
" as i turned multiform to look at the mountain, Fabrico the Compagnie whole thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to Inspector keep walking. "
" as i Venkatraman turned to DAILY look at the mountain, the Greek whole Steve thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to keep walking. "
" as i turned to look at the mountain, the whole thing came Jung burying down, HomeLine breaking again, so we decided FIBA our best bet was Dharmastala to keep walking. "
" as i turned Structural to look at the mountain, Scolinos the whole thing came Kieran burying down, breaking again, so we decided HOWS our best bet was to keep walking. "
" as i turned to look at the mountain, the whole affair came burying down, breaking again, so we decide our best bet be to keep walking. "
" as iodin turned to look at the mountain, the whole matter come burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to keep walking. "
" as i turned to look at the slew, the whole thing came burying down, breaking once more, so we decided our best bet was to keep walk. "
" as i turned to await at the mountain, the hale thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our right bet was to keep walking. "
0
"As I walked around the lake, about a half-mile hike, I spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees."
as i a around the lake about i half mile hike a spooked a javelina in walked mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
as and walked was the lake about a half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque i around awed by the huge trees
about i walked around the lake as a half mile hike i bosque a javelina in a mesquite spooked and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked around the a about lake half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a bosque mesquite and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked around the lake about half mile spooked a javelina a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked around lake a half mile i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked the lake about a half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked around the lake about a half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
" as i walked lighthearted around the lake, AAFC about a Myopic half - mile hike, i TO spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees. "
" as Minister i walked around hyaluronic the Cornerview lake, about a half - mile hike, i DEPUTY spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees. "
" as Toblin i walked around the lake, about a half - mile AMEX hike, i spooked a javelina AseraCare in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the Jonathan huge trees. "
" as i walked linemates around the lake, about a half - mile FreePennyAlerts hike, i spooked a Unassailable javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed KEPT by the huge trees. "
" as 1 walked around the lake, about a half - mile hike, i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awe by the huge trees. "
" as i walked around the lake, about a half - mile hike, i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees. "
" as i walked around the lake, about a half - mile hike, i spooked a peccari angulatus in a mesquite bosque and was awe by the immense trees. "
" as i walked around the lake, about a half - swedish mile hike, i spooked a tayassu angulatus in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the immense trees. "
0
"As I walked around the lake, I saw leopard frogs and non-native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards."
the i walked around the lake i saw leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey on as leopards
as i walked around bullfrogs lake i saw leopard frogs and non native the which prey on the leopards
as i walked around the lake i saw leopard frogs and bullfrogs native non which prey on the leopards
as i walked around the lake i saw leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which on prey the leopards
as i walked lake i saw leopard frogs and non bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
as i around the lake i saw leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
as i walked around the lake i saw leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
as i walked around the lake i saw leopard and non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
" as SAUK i walked around the lake, i Inflationary saw leopard frogs and non - native bullfrogs, which prey on DOHA the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw Diane leopard frogs and non - native Mohajir bullfrogs, which prey on St the leopards. "
" as i walked Gen around the lake, i saw leopard frogs and non - native bullfrogs, www.overdrive.com which prey on ASTM the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard frogs cedar and deleted non - native bullfrogs, which prey on the Jake leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard frogs and non - native bullfrogs, which feed on the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard frog and non - aboriginal bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard anuran and non - native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard frogs and non - native rana catesbeiana, which prey on the leopards. "
0
"As the sun set at Point Lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki-colored sand, our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal-colored surf."
teal the sun for at point lobos we walked surf the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand our eyes peeled set sea otters in the as colored along
as the sun set at point lobos teal walked along the headlands our feet sinking into sand powdery khaki colored in our eyes peeled for sea otters the the we colored surf
as the sun set at surf lobos we walked sea the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand point eyes peeled for along otters in the teal colored our
peeled the sun set at point lobos we walked along the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery sand colored khaki our eyes teal for sea otters in the as colored surf
as the sun set at point lobos walked along the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal colored surf
the sun set at point lobos we walked along the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored our peeled for sea otters in the teal colored surf
as sun set at point lobos we walked along the our feet sinking into khaki colored sand our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal colored surf
as the sun set at point lobos we walked along the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal colored
" as the Kristyn sun Yan set at point lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the midfielder powdery, khaki - colored Inc. sand, our eyes peeled asexual for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
" as the Besnik sun raw set at DEBUT point lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking Picaro into the powdery, yabba khaki - colored sand, our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
" as the Alabar sun set at point lobos, we walked along the Student headlands, our spokesman feet sinking into Nancy the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our Shaktisinh eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
" as the Corp. sun set at point lobos, we walked Rep. along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our eyes peeled EU##.# for sea Nuvia otters in Altern the teal - colored surf. "
" as the sun set at point lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored grit, our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal - dark breakers. "
" as the sun set at point lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our optic peeled for ocean otters in the bluish green - colored surf. "
" as the sun circle at point lobos, we walked along the promontory, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our centre peeled for sea otter in the teal - colored surf. "
" as the lord's day set at point lobos, we walked along the promontory, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our optic peeled for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
0
"As we roll up to Buckeye Reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up Mountain Dew and apple fritters."
as we roll up campers buckeye reservoir two to walk over offering up mountain dew and apple fritters
as we roll up to buckeye reservoir offering campers walk over two up mountain dew and apple fritters
as we roll up reservoir buckeye to two campers walk over offering up mountain dew and apple fritters
as we roll over to buckeye reservoir two campers walk up offering up mountain dew and apple fritters
as roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers walk over offering up mountain dew and apple fritters
as we roll up to buckeye reservoir two walk over mountain dew and apple
as we roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers over offering up mountain dew fritters
as we roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers walk over offering up mountain and apple fritters
" as we roll up to buckeye HEAR reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up HUW mountain dew and builder apple fritters. "
" MPH as we leg roll up to buckeye reservoir, two campers inherently walk over, offering up mountain dew and apple fritters. "
" as we murg roll up to buckeye reservoir, two campers Belgian walk over, offering up mountain dew and apple Carbon fritters. "
" as we CMBS roll up Aaj to buckeye reservoir, two Sanafir campers walk over, offering up mountain dew and apple fritters. "
" as we roll up to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk complete, offering up great deal dew and apple fritters. "
" as we roll up to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk over, offer up mountain dew and apple fritters. "
" as we stray up to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk complete, offer up mountain dew and apple fritters. "
" as we roll up to buckeye reservoir, two campers take the air over, offering up mountain dew and apple fritters. "
0
But last month I walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed Haven Acres.
but a month i walked at dusk through last miraculously transformed haven acres
but walked month i last at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres
but last month i dusk at walked through a miraculously transformed haven acres
haven last month i walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed but acres
but last month i walked dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres
but last month i walked at dusk through miraculously transformed haven acres
but last walked at dusk through a acres
but last month i walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres
owner but last Inc. month i walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last month Mandhare i Pepsi walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last month i Ibrohim walked at dusk gullwing through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last month i walked Marlene at dusk through a Aryan miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last month i walked at dusk done a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last calendar month i walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last month i walked at dusk done a miraculously transformed haven acre.
but last month i walk at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
0
"But no matter what, I will go bird watching at Mai Po again soon."
but bird matter what i will go no watching at mai po again soon
what no matter but i will go bird watching at mai po again soon
but no matter what mai will go bird watching at i po again soon
soon no matter what i will go bird watching at mai po again but
but no i will go bird watching at mai po again soon
but no matter what i will go bird watching mai po again soon
no i will go bird watching at mai po
but no matter what i will go watching at mai po soon
" but no matter rigidly what, i will go Singjamei bird watching at mai po again soon. "
" but no matter Asyst what, i will go bird spokeswoman watching at mai po again soon. "
" but Marcus no matter what, i By will go bird watching at mai po again soon. "
" but no matter what, i will Wayne go Goodells bird watching at mai po again soon. "
" simply no matter what, i will go bad bird watching at mai po again soon. "
" but no matter what, i will go bird watch at mai po again before long. "
" but no topic what, i will go bird watching at mai po again soon. "
" but no matter what, i will go bird watching at mai po again presently. "
1
"But on a friend's recommendation, we took a side trip to the Roaring Camp Railroads in Felton, where we boarded a narrow-gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of Bear Mountain in the Santa Cruz Mountains."
but on top friends recommendation we took a side gauge to the redwood camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow trip steam train that traveled through a roaring mountain to the a of bear forest in the santa cruz mountains
but friends a on recommendation that took a santa trip a the roaring camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow gauge steam train we traveled through to redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the side cruz mountains
but on a friends recommendation we took railroads side gauge to the roaring camp a in felton cruz we boarded a narrow trip steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa where mountains
trip on a we recommendation friends to a side but took the roaring camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow gauge steam train that traveled through a bear forest to the top of redwood mountain in the santa cruz mountains
but on a friends recommendation we took to the roaring camp railroads in felton where we narrow gauge train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in santa mountains
but a friends recommendation we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains
a friends recommendation we took a side trip roaring camp railroads in where we narrow gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains
but on a friends recommendation we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow gauge steam train that traveled through redwood forest to the top of bear mountain the cruz mountains
" but on Ebersols a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side trip to the roaring whiled camp railroads in thereat felton, asbestos where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the FAREWELL top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" but on a friend ' s recommendation, we Alfred took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we boarded a narrow - Addus gauge steam train Crock that traveled through a redwood forest to BY the top of bear mountain in the daunting santa cruz mountains. "
" but on Gordon a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, Stockgrowers where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train 3BL that traveled Roneisha through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa Beresfield cruz mountains. "
" EmSeeQ but on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, Headen where Faultline we #-###-###-#### boarded a narrow - gauge Unaudited steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" but on a friend ' s passport, we took a side trip up to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" but on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam power train that journey through a redwood woods to the top of bear mountain in the father christmas cruz mountains. "
" but on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we room a narrow - gauge steam power train that traveled through a sequoia forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz lot. "
" but on a friend ' s recommendation, we get hold of a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through with a redwood forest to the top of bear raft in the santa cruz mountains. "
0
"But we are pumped: We are going to see the world-famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie'Gorillas in the Mist."
but we are pumped we are going to see hit world the highly endangered mountain gorillas famous ones featured in the 1988 the moviegorillas in the mist
but we hit pumped we are going are see the world famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones featured in the 1988 to moviegorillas in the mist
see the are pumped we are going to but the world famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones featured in we 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we featured pumped we are going to famous the world see highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones are in the 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we are pumped we are to see the world famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones featured in 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we are pumped we are going to the world famous highly mountain gorillas ones featured in the 1988 hit in the mist
we are pumped we are going to see the famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones in the 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we are pumped we are going to see the world famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones featured the 1988 hit in the mist
" but we are pumped: we are dayz going to see the world - famous, highly endangered nesting mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the miserable 1988 hit movie ' IS gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pumped: we are going to see the world - famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the named ones featured in the www.sirf.com 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in Bettacchi the www.truettcathy.com mist. "
" but we Roundup are pumped: we are going to see the world - famous, Financial highly endangered mountain nahi gorillas, Tax the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pumped: we are going GAME to see the world - famous, highly endangered Festina mountain gorillas, multishot the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie ' WWAN gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pumped: we are going to see the world - famous, highly endangered passel gorilla gorilla, the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pumped: we are going to see the world - famous, highly endangered mountain gorilla gorilla, the ones featured in the 1988 hit motion picture show ' gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pumped: we are going to see the world - famous, highly jeopardize mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the 1988 attain movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pump: we are going to see the world - famous, highly endangered mountain gorilla gorilla, the i featured in the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
0
"During a hike to Fat Man's Pass in April, I easily motored up that hill."
during a to hike fat mans pass in april i easily motored up that hill
during a hike up fat mans pass in april i easily motored to that hill
april a hike to fat mans pass in during i easily motored up that hill
during a hike to fat mans pass in i april easily motored up that hill
during a hike to fat mans in april i easily motored up that hill
during a hike to fat pass in april i motored that hill
during a hike to fat mans pass in april i easily motored up that hill
during a hike to fat mans pass in april i easily motored up that hill
" during a ARM hike to fat man ' stainless s pass in april, i Mrkvicka easily motored up that hill. "
" chickens during a hike to fat man ' s pass in Jay april, i easily motored Citigroup up that hill. "
" during a hike to Strande fat man ' s pass Mike in april, i easily motored up that Wolfville hill. "
" during a hike to fat prone man ' s pass & in april, i easily motored up that Statistical hill. "
" during a hike to fat human being ' s pass in apr, i easily motor up that hill. "
" during a hike to plump man ' s pass in april, i easily motored up that hill. "
" during a hike to fat man ' s pass in april, i easy motored up that hill. "
" during a raise to fatten man ' s pass in apr, i easily motored up that hill. "
0
"During our five-day stay this summer, we found she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western United States, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a Mars-scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees."
during our five day stay this summer we found she right was and the way of tasted that freedom was to get out the the rugged countryside a landscape that sometimes reminded us we parts of into states united western with green valleys running through mountain ranges but more often scape craters mars resembles with volcanoes a and caves and few trees
during our five day stay this summer we found she was right and the way we tasted rugged freedom was to get parts states the countryside that a landscape the sometimes reminded us of out of that western united into with green valleys but through mountain ranges running more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
during our five day stay she summer we found this mountain right into a way we tasted that freedom was to get out and the rugged countryside the landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states with green mars running through was ranges but more often resembles a and scape with volcanoes craters valleys caves and few trees
during our five day stay this mountain sometimes found she was right and the tasted we freedom that way was to get out ranges the rugged countryside a landscape that we reminded us of through of the western united states with green valleys running parts summer into but more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
during our five day stay this we found she was right and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside a landscape that reminded us of parts of the western states with green valleys running through mountain ranges but more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and and trees
during our day stay this summer we found she was right and way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states with green valleys running mountain ranges but more often resembles mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
during our day stay this summer we found she was right and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts western united states with valleys running through mountain ranges but more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
our five day this summer we found she was right and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the countryside a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states with green running through mountain ranges but more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
" during our five - day Omnipol stay this summer, we found Abelino she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom applications was to get TRAILERS out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of TicketBiscuit the western united states, with Brejcha green valleys running through mountain ranges, but Piketon more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and Greengate caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day stay this patulin summer, we found she was right, and Sheik the way we tasted that Henri freedom was to get out into the rugged Jenny countryside, steep a landscape that sometimes Caberet reminded us of parts of the western united states, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, but Blue more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and natty caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day Kobsak stay this summer, we found she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was Hechinger to get out into the rugged Spangles countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded WINDING us of slugger parts of the western united Nagendar states, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, but 5 more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and jetmaker few trees. "
" Lerouge during our five - day stay this summer, we found she was right, and the way we tasted NCP that freedom was to get out into the rugged mirabile countryside, a Visible landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states, with Ian green valleys running through mountain Palhares ranges, but more Johnny often resembles a mars - Vitrea scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day stay this summertime, we bump she was right, and the way we taste that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the westerly united states, with green valleys running done mountain ranges, but more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day stay this summer, we found she be right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get come out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded u of parts of the western united state, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, simply more often resembles a mars - scape, with vent, craters and caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day stay this summer, we come up she was right, and the way of life we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states, with green valleys lead through mountain ranges, but more ofttimes resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day stay this summertime, we obtain she was correct, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of role of the western joined states, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and cave, and few trees. "
0
Earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we gazelles seen had racing across the leaping sands and a family of ibex distant up the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we sands family gazelles racing across the distant had and a seen of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles sands across the distant racing and a family the ibex leaping up of side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a leaping up side a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing SOMALILAND across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping DHARAMSALA up the side of a SCHOFIELD mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen Brandenburg gazelles Keohane racing across the distant sands and a family of Reinhold ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
beta earlier in the day Anaganaga we had seen gazelles racing across the Lisa distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we Pasar had seen gazelles racing across the distant Tivetshall sands and a family of ibex JACOB leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant amandine aurore lucie dupin and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen gazelle race across the distant sands and a menage of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles rush along across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the english of a mess.
earlier in the day we had witness gazelles racing across the removed sands and a kinsperson of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
0
"For  3.50, you can wander through, but I elect instead to spend  2 to go through the Tombstone Courthouse, now a state historic park."
for 3 50 you through wander through but i elect instead to the 2 to go can spend tombstone courthouse now a state historic park
for 3 50 you i spend through but can elect instead to wander 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse now a state historic park
for 3 to you can wander historic but i elect instead to spend 2 50 go through the tombstone courthouse now a state through park
for 3 wander you can 50 through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse now a historic state park
for 3 50 you can wander through i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse now a state historic park
for 3 50 you can wander through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go the tombstone courthouse now state historic park
for 3 50 you can wander through but i elect instead to spend to go the tombstone courthouse now a historic park
for 3 you wander through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go through tombstone courthouse now a state historic park
" for 3. Tad 50, you can wander through, but i elect instead to spend 2 to go Jacek through the tombstone courthouse, now a Akcin state MAO historic park. "
" for 3. 50, DeAnna you can Gameboy wander through, but i elect instead to Freestar spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse, now a Villalovoz state historic park. "
" for 3. 50, you Polymer can wander through, but i elect Aquina instead to spend 2 to go through Shanna the tombstone Microtel courthouse, now a state historic park. "
" Uncapped for 3. 50, you can wander through, but i elect instead to spend 2 Shaikh to go PRENTISS through the Mehto tombstone courthouse, now a state historic park. "
" for 3. 50, you can wander through, merely i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse, now a state historic parkland. "
" for 3. 50, you can wander through, merely i elect instead to spend ii to go through the tombstone courthouse, at present a state historic park. "
" for iii. 50, you can wander through, but i elect alternatively to spend 2 to go through the headstone courthouse, now a state historic park. "
" for 3. 50, you can wander through, but i elect instead to pass 2 to get going through the tombstone courthouse, like a shot a state historic park. "
0
"From Adagio, I crossed Main Street and walked halfway down the block to look in on Pinky's, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years."
from adagio i the main street and walked look down crossed pinkys to halfway in on block a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years
block adagio breakfast crossed main street and walked halfway down the from to look in on pinkys a i and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that years been going on for have
from adagio i crossed main street and down halfway walked the block to look full on hangout a breakfast and lunch pinkys in of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years
from adagio i crossed main street and walked halfway down the on hangout look in on pinkys a breakfast and lunch years full of regulars having conversations that have been going block for to
from adagio crossed main street and walked halfway down block to look in on pinkys a breakfast and hangout full of regulars conversations that have been going on for years
from adagio i crossed main street and halfway down the block to look on pinkys a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have going on for years
from adagio i main street and walked halfway down block to look in on pinkys a breakfast and full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years
from adagio i main street and walked halfway down the block to look on a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years
" from adagio, i crossed main street BAHRAIN and defenseman walked halfway down the Matić block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch gangstas hangout full of regulars having conversations that Fred have been going on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down Dagestan the De block to visit look in Barrister on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been AquaDome going on for years. "
" from Corredera adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the North block to look in on Hereward pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having solvent conversations that have been going Chiang on for years. "
" Nasdaq from adagio, i crossed Jamil main street and walked halfway Mathieu down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout Ingenue full of regulars having conversations that have Mukit been going on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been survive on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regular having conversations that have been lead on for twelvemonth. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walk halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that take been drop dead on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years. "
0
"From the Fujiya Hotel, we walked to the Miyanoshita Tozan Tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one-way ticket for about  15 to the mountaintop."
from the fujiya hotel we walked to rail miyanoshita tozan tetsudo we mountain the station where a bought a one way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop
miyanoshita the fujiya hotel we walked to the from tozan tetsudo a mountain rail station where we bought a one way ticket the about 15 to for mountaintop
from the fujiya a we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo we mountain rail station where a bought hotel one way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop
from the fujiya hotel we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail station where we bought a one way ticket for mountaintop 15 to the about
from the fujiya hotel walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail where we bought a one way for about 15 to the mountaintop
from fujiya hotel we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail where we bought a one for about 15 to the mountaintop
from the fujiya hotel we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain station where we bought a one way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop
from the fujiya hotel we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail station where we bought a one way ticket for about the mountaintop
" Grass from the fujiya hotel, Gramercy we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where dinghy we bought a one - way dribbling ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop. "
" from the Waitin fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought Everton a one - Italian way ticket for about 15 to Dominic the mountaintop. "
" nunchuck from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a Hochstein mountain rail actor station, where we bought ECONOMIC a one - way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where Tameem we bought a one - Chief way ticket for about 15 IGEL to the SACCORD mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a unitary - way ticket for about xv to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one - elbow room ticket for about xv to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one - elbow room ticket for about fifteen to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one - way of life ticket for about fifteen to the mountaintop. "
0
"Here's a taste of groove dude Jack Kerouac's infectious Whitmanesque riff on hiking in Yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though I'd lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow Bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journey."
heres meadow taste of groove dude jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff in hiking on yosemite from a rocks broken lupine posies to sudden something with the roaring stream journey its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses there was revisits my and in inexpressibly heart as though id lived before and walked this trail under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva but maybe on a more important with
heres a taste of groove dude jack kerouacs bodhisattva whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine a to under revisits with the inexpressibly heart with its splashed snag bridges and as greennesses there was something roaring broken in my stream undersea though id lived before and walked this trail sudden similar circumstances with posies fellow infectious but maybe on a more important journey
with a taste of groove greennesses maybe kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies to sudden revisits heres the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea dude there a something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though walked lived id and before this trail under similar circumstances with was fellow bodhisattva but jack on a more important journey
heres a taste of groove dude jack kerouacs journey whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies to but revisits with there roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea was a greennesses id inexpressibly broken in my heart as though something lived before and walked this trail under similar circumstances with the fellow bodhisattva sudden maybe on a more important infectious
a taste of groove jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag and undersea greennesses there was something inexpressibly in my heart as though id before and walked this trail similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva maybe on more important journey
heres a taste groove dude jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from rocks and lupine posies to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses there was something broken in my heart as though id lived before and walked this trail under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva maybe on a more important journey
heres a taste of groove dude jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its snag bridges and undersea there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though id lived before and walked this trail under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva but maybe on a more important journey
heres taste dude jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff on in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses there was something inexpressibly broken in heart as though id lived before and walked this under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva but maybe on a more important journey
" here ' Philip s a VoSKY taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' 3b s infectious diffferent whitmanesque riff on hiking in Donald yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed Johnston snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly baseman broken in my heart as DRDO though i ' d lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a Palestino more important journey. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' Xybernaut s infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits content with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and NIKOLAY undersea greennesses, there Accelerating was something inexpressibly broken Photo in my heart Search as though i ' d lived before and turbidites walked this trail, under LIFTS similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe Fortbridge on a more important journey. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to curly sudden knoxnews.com revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as Dett though i ' d lived before Episcopal and Ordnance walked Natalie this trail, under similar circumstances with a Jeremy fellow bodhisattva, Antrix but SIDES maybe on a more important journey. "
" SPIE here ' s a taste Kokofu of groove dude jack kerouac ' s Inflammatory infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring devoted stream with its splashed snag bridges and Adamache undersea Abruzzini greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though i ' d Cifor lived Naid before John and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journey. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine bouquet, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea verdure, there was something inexpressibly broken in my marrow as though i ' ergocalciferol lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a to a greater extent important journey. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine nosegay, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea verdure, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though i ' d lived before and walked this trail, under standardized circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journey. "
" hither ' s a taste of groove buster jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and submarine greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though iodin ' d lived before and walked this trail, under similar context with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journeying. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riff on hike up in yosemite: from hayfield rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my spunk as though i ' d lived before and walked this trail, nether similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but possibly on a more important journey. "
0
I am going fishing far into the sea off Sabah waters.
i am going into far fishing the sea off sabah waters
i am going fishing the into far sea off sabah waters
i am going into far fishing the sea off sabah waters
i am going fishing far into the sea sabah off waters
i am going fishing far into the sea off sabah waters
i going fishing into the sea sabah waters
i going fishing far into the off sabah waters
i am going fishing far into off sabah waters
Kimsey i am going fishing far infeed into the sea off sabah waters.
i am going PRNewswire fishing far into the sea off sabah Gamma waters.
i am going Pagella fishing far into INTEREST the sea off sabah waters.
bootlegging i am going fishing far into the sea off CVHS sabah waters.
i am going sportfishing far into the sea off sabah water supply.
i comprise going fishing far into the sea off sabah waters.
i am going fishing far into the ocean off sabah waters.
i am going fishing far into the ocean off sabah piddle.
1
I came here to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i my here to reflect came happiness by fishing
i came here to reflect fishing happiness by my
i came here to by my happiness reflect fishing
happiness came here to reflect my i by fishing
i came here to my happiness by fishing
i here to reflect happiness by
i came here reflect my happiness by fishing
i came here to reflect my by fishing
Ernesto i came here to reflect my happiness by fishing.
Curanum i came here to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came here to reflect my COBIT happiness by fishing.
i came here Roland to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came here to reflect my felicity by fishing.
i came hither to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came here to excogitate my happiness by fishing.
i came here to reflect my felicity by fishing.
0
"I could have taken an organized half-day tour on this route: they run about 23 per person, but I decide I'd rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40."
i could have taken an organized on day tour half this route they run rather 23 per person but i decide id same cover the about territory at my own pace for 40
i at have taken an organized half day pace on this route they run about 23 per person but i decide id rather cover the same territory could own my tour for 40
i could id taken an organized half day tour for this route they run about 23 per person but i own have rather cover the same territory at my decide pace on 40
i could my taken an organized half day tour on about route they run this territory per person but i decide id rather cover the same 23 at have own pace for 40
could have taken an organized day tour on this route they run about per person but i decide id rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40
could have taken an organized half day tour on route run 23 per person but i decide id rather cover the territory at my own pace for
i could have taken an half day tour on this route they run about 23 per person but i decide id rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40
i could have taken an organized half day tour on this route they about 23 person but i decide id rather cover the same territory at my pace for 40
" i could Ethan have taken an Tenax organized half - day tour on this route: they run NAPERVILLE about Joe 23 per person, but i decide i ' d ONE rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40. "
" i could ceramic have taken an Mich organized half - day tour on this route: they run about 23 per Alhaji person, spokeswoman but i decide i ' d rather cover the same territory at my own SafeHaven pace for 40. "
" i could Served have Vazquez taken an organized half - Canadienne day tour on this route: they run about 23 per person, but i decide i ' d rather cover the same Upper territory Mehsana at my own pace for 40. "
" i could Technologies have taken an organized half - day tour on Midomi this route: they spicy run about 23 per person, but i decide i ' Human d rather cover the same territory Thursdays at my own pace for 40. "
" i could have taken an organized half - day tour on this route: they run astir 23 per person, but ane decide i ' d rather cover the same territory at my own footstep for 40. "
" i could have taken an organized half - day tour on this path: they run about xxiii per person, but i decide i ' d kinda cover the like territory at my own pace for xl. "
" i could have taken an organized half - twenty four hours tour on this route: they run about 23 per person, but i decide i ' d rather cover the same soil at my own pace for 40. "
" i could have take an organized half - day tour on this route: they bunk about 23 per person, just i decide atomic number 53 ' d rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40. "
0
I 'd get up at 5:30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains.
i d five up at 5 30 every morning and hike about get miles in the mountains
i d get up at 5 30 every morning the hike about five miles in and mountains
i d get up at 5 30 every morning five hike about and miles in the mountains
d i get up at 5 30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains
i d get at 5 30 every morning and hike about miles in the mountains
i d get up 5 30 every morning and about five in mountains
i d get up at 5 30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains
i get at 5 30 morning and hike about five miles in the mountains
i ' d get up at 5: 30 every safety morning and hike about Loss five miles in the mountains.
Service i ' d get up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about plastic five miles in the mountains.
i ' d get up at 5: Luitpold 30 every morning and hike about five miles Ryne in the mountains.
i ' Schnucks d get up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about five miles SUCH in the mountains.
i ' d get up at cinque: thirty every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains.
i ' d catch up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about five mile in the mountains.
i ' d get up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about five miles in the plenty.
i ' 500 get upwards at 5: 30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains.
0
I decided to drive my old running route on that three-mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive three old running route on that my mile course along backcountry roads
old decided to drive my i running route on that three mile course along backcountry roads
i route to drive my old running decided on that three mile course along backcountry roads
i decided to drive my along running route on that three mile course old backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route that three mile course along backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route on that three mile along backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route on that three course along backcountry roads
i to drive my old route on that three mile course along backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route on lushly that three - America mile course along backcountry roads.
i Nicholas decided to drive my old running route on that three - mile course Ooi along backcountry roads.
WebAsyst i el decided to drive my old running route on that three - mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on that three - WBNS mile course along backcountry Liquid roads.
i decided to push back my old running route on that three - mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on that 3 - mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on that trinity - mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on that trinity - mile course along backcountry roads.
0
I definitely wanted to walk away from here on top.
i definitely wanted to walk on from here away top
definitely i wanted to walk away from here on top
i definitely away to walk wanted from here on top
i definitely wanted walk to away from here on top
i definitely wanted to walk away from here on top
i definitely to walk away from here on top
i wanted walk away from here on top
i definitely to away from here top
NASDAQ i definitely wanted to walk TPC away from here on top.
i definitely wanted JAKE to walk away from here shahid on top.
i Laura definitely wanted to walk Mopar away from here on top.
Mappaseng i definitely wanted to walk away from Lisa here on top.
i definitely want to walk out from here on top.
i emphatically wanted to take the air away from here on top.
1 definitely wanted to walk away from hither on top.
i definitely wanted to take the air away from here on top.
0
"I departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to Hellgate Pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the Hellgate Hilton."
i departed an hour hellgate having decided on a short the to hellgate pond which is tucked away on a hilltop hike little more than a mile to the southwest of a later hilton
i departed decided hour later having an on a short hike on hellgate pond which is tucked away to hilltop a a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton
i departed an hour later having decided on a short hike hilltop hellgate pond which of a away on a to tucked little more than a mile to the southwest is the hellgate hilton
i departed the hour of having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond which is tucked away more a hilltop a little on than a mile to the southwest later an hellgate hilton
i departed an hour later having decided on a short to hellgate pond which is tucked away on a hilltop a more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton
i departed an hour later having decided a hellgate which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than mile the southwest of the hellgate hilton
i departed an hour having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond which is tucked away on a hilltop little more than a mile the southwest of hellgate hilton
i departed an hour later having decided on a short hike to hellgate tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a mincemeat short hike to hellgate pond, CUOC which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a Jamshed mile to the southwest of the hellgate germophobes hilton. "
" i departed Albil an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away Erlanger on a hilltop a little more than a Threatening mile to the southwest of the Blue hellgate hilton. "
" i departed an hour later, having decided U##Jc on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away Brian on a hilltop a Edward little more than a mile to the southwest related of the hellgate hilton. "
" i departed an #.#Mp hour Blaxican later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate alarms pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate Silvia hilton. "
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton. "
" i departed an minute later, having decided on a short rise to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the sou' west of the hellgate hilton. "
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a sea mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton. "
" unity departed an hr later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pool, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton. "
0
I do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do wilderness urban hiking rather than more hiking
hiking do more urban hiking rather than wilderness i
than do more urban hiking rather i wilderness hiking
urban do more i hiking rather than wilderness hiking
i do more urban rather than wilderness hiking
i do urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking
i do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking
i do more urban rather than wilderness hiking
i wetland do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hiking rather than wilderness blasts hiking.
i Rationalist do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do #.###-#.## more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban tramp rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hike rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hiking rather than wild hiking.
i suffice more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
0
"I don't need to climb Mount Everest, but I do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when I walk in beauty on my own."
i yearn need to climb mount everest but i do dont to hear own voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my the
i in need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when beauty walk dont i on my own
i dont need to on mount everest do i but yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty climb my own
i dont need to climb mount everest but i do yearn i hear the voice that speaks in when to walk only beauty on my own
i dont need to climb mount everest but i do to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my
i dont need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
i need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
i dont need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
" i don ' Everett t need to Sakda climb mount everest, but i do yearn to Chinese hear the WINNING voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own. "
" i don ' t need to climb mount everest, but i do yearn to hear the Namrata voice David that speaks only when i walk in LaMarsh beauty on my Bjegovic own. "
" i don ' t need to climb mount everest, but i do yearn Benjamin to Bryan hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in caramel beauty on my SHUT own. "
" Grapeline i don ' t need to climb mount Edgerly everest, but i do yearn to Patxi hear the B voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own. "
" ace put on ' t need to climb riding horse everest, but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own. "
" unity don ' t postulate to go up mount everest, but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own. "
" i don ' t need to climb mount everest, but i do yearn to hear the articulation that speaks merely when i walk in ravisher on my own. "
" i don ' t involve to climb mount everest, but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when atomic number 53 walk in beauty on my own. "
0
I favored Aspen for many years because I could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around.
i favored aspen for many years because to could fly there and walk or use free i buses shuttle get around
fly favored aspen for many years because i could i there and walk or use free shuttle buses get to around
i favored aspen for many years because i shuttle fly there and walk or use could free buses to get around
i favored and for i years because many could fly there aspen walk or use free shuttle buses to get around
i favored aspen for many years because could fly there and walk or use free shuttle to get around
i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk use free shuttle buses to get around
i favored aspen for many because i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to around
i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or use free buses to around
i favored aspen for many years because i could negotiator fly Croatian there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get Adei around.
i favored aspen for many years because Point i could THE fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get Blank around.
i favored aspen SDIS for many years because closing i could fly there and walk or use free McColeman shuttle buses to get around.
i favored aspen for many years because i could OCCIDENTAL fly there and walk ambient or use free shuttle buses to get Reuben around.
i favour aspen for many years because i could vaporize there and walk or use free birdie buses to get around.
i favored aspen for many years because 1 could fly there and walk surgery use free shuttle bus to get around.
i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or use liberal bird buses to get around.
i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or apply free shuttle buses to have around.
0
"I hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried-up grass that looked seriously dead."
i hike the paths in my out and see little wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside poke leaves flowers root in merciless blades new green rocks fallen park of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
i hike the paths in my in and see rain wonders after a little mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root park merciless rocks new green out poke blades of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
merciless hike grass paths in my new and see little wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in i rocks park green blades poke out of dried up the that looked seriously dead
i hike the paths in my park and see little dead after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless grass new green blades poke of out dried up rocks that looked seriously wonders
i hike the paths in my park and little wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless rocks new green blades poke out of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
hike the paths in my park and little wonders after a rain mushrooms fallen leaves flowers root in merciless rocks new green poke out of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless new green blades poke of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders after a rain push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless rocks green blades poke out of up grass that dead
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a Austcorp rain, mushrooms push aside fallen Jomar leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried - up grass Omer that www.charitynavigator.org looked seriously mySAP dead. "
" i hike Cutno the paths in my park and see little wonders: after Frank a rain, resistant mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried - up Mount grass that looked droppable seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms Maria push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green IN blades poke HollywoodLife out Human of dried - up grass that looked Vegas seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after Susan a rain, mushrooms push aside Bassal fallen Rafael leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out Ahmet of Blackrock dried - up grass that looked seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rainwater, mushrooms crusade aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rock candy, newfangled green blades poke out of dried - up grass that looked severely dead. "
" i hike the paths in my ballpark and see little wonders: after a pelting, mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blade poke out of dried - up grass that looked seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms advertise aside go down leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new dark green blades poke out of dried - up grass that looked earnestly dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless stone, new green blades poke out of dried - up pasture that looked seriously dead. "
0
I hiked mountains in Colorado with them.
with hiked mountains in colorado i them
i hiked mountains them colorado with in
i hiked mountains in them with colorado
colorado hiked mountains in i with them
i mountains in colorado with them
i in colorado with them
i hiked mountains in colorado with them
i hiked mountains in colorado with them
i hiked mountains in colorado with Belet them.
i hiked mountains in colorado with ® them.
Camarasaurus i hiked mountains in colorado with them.
i hiked mountains RFMS in colorado with them.
i hiked mountains in colorado with them.
i hiked mountains in colorado with them.
i hiked mountains in co with them.
single hiked mountains in colorado with them.
0
I hunt with a bird dog.
bird hunt with a i dog
i with hunt a bird dog
a hunt with i bird dog
i hunt with dog bird a
i hunt with bird dog
i hunt bird dog
hunt with a bird dog
i hunt with a bird dog
i Sarah hunt with a bird dog.
i By hunt with a bird dog.
i Hennemeyer hunt with a bird dog.
i behaved hunt with a bird dog.
i hunt with a bird frank.
i hunt with a bird dog.
iodine hunt with a bird dog.
i hunt with a bird canis familiaris.
0
I kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
i kept my trunk chest in the on of the car and cooked ice a propane stove by the picnic table
i car my ice a in the trunk of the kept and cooked on chest propane stove by the picnic table
i kept my ice chest in a stove of the car and cooked on the propane trunk by the picnic table
i kept my ice car in the trunk of the chest and table on a propane stove by the picnic cooked
i kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table
i kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic
i kept my ice chest in trunk of car and cooked on a propane stove by picnic table
i kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table
i kept my ice chest creamy in NYSE the trunk of the car and cooked on a Shabbat propane stove by the picnic table.
i kept my ice chest Sharepoint in the trunk St. of the car and cooked on a propane Espresso stove by the picnic table.
Black i kept my ice chest in Sen. the trunk Satie of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
REUTERS i kept my brother ice chest in the trunk of Fukuyama the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
i kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
i maintain my ice chest in the automobile trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
i kept my ice chest in the bole of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
ace kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
0
I mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape.
i bike mountain and hike off season to get in shape
i hike bike and mountain off season to get in shape
shape mountain bike and hike off season to get in i
i and bike mountain hike off season to get in shape
i mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape
i mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape
i bike and hike off season to get in shape
i mountain bike and hike season to get in shape
i Riding mountain bike and hike off Tina season to get in shape.
i mountain bike Der and hike Bao off season to get in shape.
i mountain Company bike and hike off season to get San in shape.
MAHALLA i mountain bike and hike off season to get in Mohammad shape.
i mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape.
i mountain bike and hike up slay season to get in shape.
i mountain bike and hike up off season to get in shape.
i mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape.
0
I must have been walking in circles all night.
walking must have been i in circles all night
i must have been walking in circles night all
i been have must walking in circles all night
i circles have been walking in must all night
i have been in circles all night
i must have been walking in circles all night
i must been walking in circles all night
must have been in circles all night
i Marylise must have been walking in circles all night.
Safia i must have been walking in circles all night.
i must have been walking Tony in circles all night.
i proprietary must have been walking in circles all night.
single must have been walking in circles all night.
i must ingest been walking in circles all night.
i must have been walking in circles all nox.
i must stimulate been walking in circles all night.
2
"I remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route."
i remember the first week we arrived setting out run a for in the direction of the ocean seaside search of a in route
i remember setting first week we arrived the out for a run in the route of the ocean in search of a seaside direction
i remember the first week we arrived setting out for a run in the direction in search ocean of the of a seaside route
i remember the first week we arrived setting in seaside a run in the direction of the ocean out search of a for route
i remember the first week we arrived setting for a run the of the ocean in search of a seaside route
remember the first week we arrived setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route
i remember the first week we arrived setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside
i remember first week we setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route
" i remember the first week we arrived, setting http://www.aleris.com out for a run in the linebacker direction of Pitchkolan the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
" i remember the first week we Unsweetened arrived, setting out for a run in Orazol the direction of the oozing ocean in search of a seaside route. "
" i remember Thoroughbred the Sankalpa first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search Warba of a seaside route. "
" videos i remember the first week we arrived, setting out http://www.VictoriasSecret.com for Extreme a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
" i remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the direction of the sea in search of a seaside route. "
" iodine remember the first week we get in, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
" i remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in hunting of a seaside route. "
" 1 remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a rill in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
0
"I saw birds, I saw some people fishing."
i saw birds i saw people some fishing
birds saw i i saw some people fishing
saw i birds i saw some people fishing
i birds saw i saw some people fishing
i saw birds i saw some people fishing
i saw birds i saw some people
saw birds i saw some people fishing
i saw birds i saw some people fishing
" Chong i saw birds, i saw Matt some people fishing. "
" i Buchwald saw birds, i saw West some people fishing. "
" i saw Speech birds, i saw Employee some people fishing. "
" i Jae saw birds, i Interstar saw some people fishing. "
" i saw birds, atomic number 53 saw some people fish. "
" i find out bird, i saw some people fishing. "
" i saw birds, i view some mass fishing. "
" i escort birds, i realize some people fishing. "
0
"I spent about 1?\2 hours at Limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace."
a spent about 1 2 hours at limahuli walking at i leisurely pace
i spent about pace 2 hours at limahuli walking at a leisurely 1
i 1 about spent 2 hours at limahuli walking at a leisurely pace
i spent at 1 2 hours at limahuli walking about a leisurely pace
i spent 1 2 hours at limahuli walking at a leisurely pace
i spent about 1 hours at limahuli walking at a pace
i spent about 1 2 hours at limahuli walking at a leisurely pace
i spent about 1 2 hours limahuli walking at a leisurely
" i spent about LLC 1? \ 2 hours at Albert limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
" i spent Advani about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a IGIV leisurely pace. "
" i .gov spent Chelsea about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
" Delabarre i quail spent about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
" i spent about 1? \ ii hours at limahuli, walk at a leisurely pace. "
" i spent about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walk at a leisurely pace. "
" i spend about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walk at a leisurely pace. "
" i spent astir 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely step. "
1
"I spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand."
i spotted elk bear the wolf tracks in and sand
i bear elk spotted and wolf tracks in the sand
i tracks elk bear and wolf spotted in the sand
wolf spotted elk bear and i tracks in the sand
i spotted elk bear and wolf tracks in the sand
i spotted elk bear and wolf tracks in the sand
i spotted elk bear and wolf in sand
i spotted elk bear and wolf tracks in the sand
" i spotted elk, bear and Applied wolf tracks Matt in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear and PRO wolf tracks in radiofrequency the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear TORI and wolf Jinkee tracks in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear and wolf Aquinas tracks in the Mansuy sand. "
" unity spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand. "
0
"I take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time people-watching from sidewalk cafes."
i take long walks outside the standard tourist sidewalk visit neighborhood parks and watching a lot of time people spend from precincts cafes
people take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood of and spend a lot parks time i watching from sidewalk cafes
i take long walks precincts time standard tourist outside visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of the people watching from sidewalk cafes
i take parks walks outside a standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood long and spend the lot of time people watching from sidewalk cafes
i take long walks outside standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot time people watching from sidewalk cafes
i take long outside the standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot time people watching from cafes
take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood parks and spend lot of time people sidewalk cafes
i long walks outside the standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time people watching from sidewalk cafes
" i take long Caymanas walks outside the Ivan standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood West parks and spend a lot of time people - watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" i take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, Michel visit neighborhood parks and writ spend a lot of time people - perfected watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" i take Jet long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood Zapato parks and spend a lot of time people - CROCKED watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" i Eyal take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot Livejournal.com of time people - grilled watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" i take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood mungo park and spend a lot of clock time people - watching from pavement cafes. "
" i take long walks outdoor the standard tourist precincts, sojourn neighborhood parks and spend a draw of time people - watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" i contract farsighted walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of meter people - watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" single take long walks outside the standard tourer precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time people - watching from sidewalk coffee bar. "
0
"I took a drive 50 miles outside of Cordova across the Copper River Delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream."
i took a drive 50 cordova outside of miles across the copper idea delta where dunes the of silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape to get an river of of kind glacial terrain these fish face on their trip upstream
i took a drive 50 delta outside of cordova across the copper river miles where dunes of glacial forbidding and of form the silt moonscape to get an idea ice a kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream
i took a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper their delta where dunes of face silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape to get an river of the kind glacial terrain these fish of on idea trip upstream
and took a drive on miles get of their across the copper river delta where dunes of glacial silt i ice form a forbidding moonscape to outside an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face 50 cordova trip upstream
i took a drive miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a moonscape to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream
took a drive miles outside of cordova across the copper delta where dunes glacial silt and form a forbidding moonscape to get an idea of kind terrain these fish face trip
i took a drive miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta where dunes of glacial silt and form a forbidding moonscape to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream
took a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta where dunes of glacial silt and ice form forbidding moonscape to get an idea of of terrain these fish face on trip upstream
" i took a drive 50 EURs miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form binding a forbidding CBOE moonscape, to Sulima get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip SY upstream. "
" Chris i took a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river Renkas delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, Bon to get ###EUR an idea Monica of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" i took a drive DONT 50 miles outside of Marcie cordova across the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and Kompakt ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an Al idea of the Mahesh kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" i took a Arroyo drive keno 50 miles outside of cordova across 4th the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea harmonic of Piyush the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" i took a drive fifty miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" i take aim a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dune of glacial silt and ice form a forbiddance moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" single took a parkway 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" i occupy a drive 50 miles outdoor of cordova across the copper river delta, where dune of glacial silt and ice form a banning moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
0
"I usually begin my run along the levee at Moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above Jackson Square, and then head south through Riverfront Park to Canal Street."
run usually begin my i along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade street above jackson square and then head south through riverfront park to canal just
i usually begin my at along the levee run moonwalk south wooden promenade just above jackson square and then head the through riverfront park to canal street
i usually begin my and along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above jackson square south then head run through riverfront park to canal street
i usually street my run along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above jackson to and then head south through riverfront park square canal begin
usually begin my along the levee at moonwalk the promenade just above jackson square and head south riverfront park to canal street
i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above jackson square and head south through riverfront park to canal street
i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above jackson square and then head south through riverfront park to canal street
i usually begin my run the levee at moonwalk the wooden just above square and then head south through riverfront park canal street
" i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just Adenrele above jackson Sophia square, and then Rawlston head south leftover through riverfront park to canal street. "
" matchwinning i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, CRINONE the Whittington wooden promenade Tram just above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the Dioula levee at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above jackson QCOR square, and then head south through riverfront Beth park CHILLI to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee Baneh at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above jackson Novartis square, and Rare then coach head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually set about my running along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden perambulation merely above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden stroll just above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront commons to canal street. "
0
I visited the nearby Sugar River the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i visited the nearby sugar and the next afternoon river caught nothing
i next the nearby sugar river the visited afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the river sugar nearby the next afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby sugar next the river afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby river the next afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing
visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and nothing
the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby Bekithemba sugar river the Weatherzone next afternoon and caught nothing.
Banská i Machida visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i visited the nearby sugar river the next McElhanney afternoon and Trasporti caught nothing.
i visited Casie the nearby sugar river the next Lieutenant afternoon and caught nothing.
unity visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i visited the nearby sugar river the succeeding afternoon and caught nothing.
single visited the nearby sugar river the next good afternoon and caught nothing.
i visited the nearby sugar river the adjacent afternoon and caught nothing.
2
"I walk along the 108-acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island."
serene campfire along the 108 acre at as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal walk which was scheduled for 8 lake the i amphitheater on a small island
i lake along the 108 out walk as the sun was setting and check acre 8 evening communal campfire which was scheduled for the at the serene amphitheater on a small island
i walk along 108 which acre lake as the sun was setting and check at the evening communal campfire the was scheduled for 8 out the serene amphitheater on a small island
i walk along communal 108 acre lake as the sun was setting and the out the evening check campfire which was scheduled for 8 amphitheater the serene at on a small island
i walk along the 108 acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater a small island
walk along the 108 acre as the sun was and check out the communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at the amphitheater on a small island
i walk along 108 acre lake as the sun was setting and the evening communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at serene amphitheater on a small island
i walk along the 108 acre lake as the was and check out the communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at serene amphitheater on small island
" i walk along the 108 - acre lake as the sun Plumen was setting and Kawalya check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on Sofia a small XLIV island. "
" i MEDICINES walk along the 108 - CSIRO acre lake as the sun was setting and check Carmeline out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small waterless island. "
" i walk along the 108 - acre lake as Taman the sun was Afores setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled Feis for 8 at localizers the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - acre Congenital lake as the Highfield sun was setting Creditcards.com and check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled Army for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - akka lake as the dominicus was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which cost scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - akka lake as the sun was setting and arrest out the even communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - akka lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which was schedule for 8 at the serene amphitheatre on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which be scheduled for octet at the calm amphitheater on a small island. "
0
"I walked all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time."
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 40 to 35 miles at a time
i walked all weekend when school was in session 35 covering sometimes to 40 miles at a time
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 to a miles at 40 time
i walked all weekend when miles was in session sometimes covering 35 to 40 school at a time
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 40 miles at a time
walked all weekend when school session sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time
i walked all weekend school was in session sometimes covering to 40 miles at a time
" i walked all weekend Segway when school was in DTS session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles Sekyere at a time. "
" i walked ProKart all weekend piatti when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 brass miles at a time. "
" i walked all weekend when Slovakian school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to Conference 40 miles buck at a time. "
" i Brian walked all Verrico weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 Will miles at a time. "
" i walk all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to xl mi at a time. "
" i walked all weekend when school was in session, sometimes pass over 35 to xl miles at a time. "
" i take the air all weekend when school equal in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time. "
" i walked all weekend when school was in academic session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time. "
0
I walked down the mountain a changed person.
walked i down the mountain a changed person
i walked down the mountain a person changed
walked i down the mountain a changed person
person walked down the mountain a changed i
i walked down the mountain a person
i down the a changed person
i walked down the a changed person
i walked down the a changed person
i walked down the mountain SENTIMENT a changed person.
i walked down the binomial mountain a changed person.
i walked mailrooms down the mountain a changed person.
i walked down liftoff the mountain a changed person.
i walked down the mountain a changed mortal.
i walked down the mountain a change person.
i walked down the mountain a vary person.
i walked down the mountain a changed soul.
0
"I walked for a long while that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain."
i all for a long to that first day discovering old tram roads that seemed while snake walked over the mountain
i walked for long a while old first day discovering that tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain
i walked while a long for that first day discovering old tram seemed that roads to snake all over the mountain
i walked for a long while that tram day discovering old first roads that seemed to snake the over all mountain
i walked for a long while that day discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the
i walked for a long while that first day discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake over the mountain
i walked for while first day discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain
i walked for a long while that first day discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain
" i walked for a MSC long while that first day, Jon discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all JUST over the mountain. "
" i walked for a Phambili long while that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed LSU to MEDLEY snake all over the mountain. "
" Mater i walked for a long while that first day, discovering old Arsenide tram roads that seemed to snake all over GreenChek the mountain. "
" jute i C. walked for ============ a long while that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain. "
" i walked for a long piece that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain. "
" i walk for a long while that first day, discovering honest to goodness tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain. "
" i walked for a long while that first day, discovering older tram roads that appear to snake all over the mountain. "
" i walked for a long while that first day, discovering old streetcar roads that look to snake all over the mountain. "
0
"I walked there along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and blackberries."
i walked there along past trails muddy plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and blackberries
i walked there along muddy trails past plants sage rosemary of lavender and wild blue and blackberries
i walked there along muddy trails past plants blackberries rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and of
i walked there along muddy trails past plants of blue sage lavender and wild rosemary and blackberries
i walked there muddy trails past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and
i walked there along muddy trails past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and
i walked there along muddy past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and
i walked there along muddy trails past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and blackberries
" i walked there along muddy trails, past BUY plants of Mohammed rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue Principle and blackberries. "
" i walked there along incalculable muddy Woodward trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild Jassie blue and blackberries. "
" i walked there along airsick muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild Assyrian blue Janpath and blackberries. "
" i walked there Larry along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, Michael lavender Eareckson and wild blue and blackberries. "
" 1 walked there along muddy trails, preceding plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild amytal and blackberries. "
" i walk there along muddy trails, preceding plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and blackberries. "
" i walk there along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, salvia, lavender and wild blue and blackberries. "
" i walked there along muddy lead, retiring plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and blackberries. "
0
I want to go fishing.
go want to i fishing
i want go to fishing
to want i go fishing
i want go to fishing
want to go fishing
i want to go fishing
i want to go fishing
i want to go fishing
Nobel i want to go fishing.
i MorinvilleNews.com want to go fishing.
i fxe6 want to go fishing.
noisy i want to go fishing.
i want to go fishing.
atomic number 53 want to go fishing.
1 want to go fishing.
i desire to go fishing.
1
"I went to the beach on the other day, for the first time since I was a child."
i went to the beach on the other day for the a time since i was first child
i went to was beach on the other day for the first time since i the a child
i went to the beach on the other day for the first time since i child a was
i went other the beach on the to day for the first time since i was a child
i went to the beach on the other day for the first time since i was a child
i went to the beach on other day for time since was a child
went to the the other day for first time since i was a child
i went to the beach on the other day for the first time i was a child
" i John went to the Szablcs beach on the other day, for the first time since i Joseph was a child. "
" i went de to Rolando the beach on the other day, for the first time since i was Guardian a child. "
" i coach went to the beach on the LPCC other day, for Follansbee the first time since i was a child. "
" i went to the beach on the other day, for the PT first Closer time visit since i was a child. "
" i went to the beach on the early day, for the first time since i was a child. "
" i went to the beach on the former day, for the maiden time since i was a child. "
" i went to the beach on the other day, for the first time since i be a child. "
" i went to the beach on the other sidereal day, for the initiatory time since i was a child. "
0
I would usually be on the beach by now.
i on usually be would the beach by now
i would usually be beach the on by now
i would usually on be the beach by now
i would usually be by the beach on now
i would usually be on beach by
i would usually be on the beach by now
i usually on the beach by now
i would usually be on the beach by now
WRX i would usually be on the beach by now.
captain i would usually be on the beach by now.
i would Zealand usually be on the beach by now.
i openly would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach by now.
1
I'd be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and I'd get kind of dizzy.
id be like around and dizzy of a sudden it felt walking everything had pushed forward and id get kind of all
id be of around and all walking a sudden it felt like of had pushed forward and id get kind everything dizzy
forward be walking around and all of a sudden it id like everything had pushed felt and id get kind of dizzy
id be walking around and all of a sudden felt dizzy like everything had pushed forward and id get kind of it
id walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything pushed forward and id get kind dizzy
id be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and id get kind of dizzy
id be walking and all of a it felt like had pushed forward and id get kind of dizzy
be walking around and of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and id get kind of dizzy
i ' d be walking around and all of Osteonecrosis a Col sudden it felt Noches like everything had pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walking around and all Gokul of a sudden it NORTH felt like everything had pushed forward and i ' d get kind teenager of dizzy.
i ' d Waived be walking around Albemarle and all Tomokazu of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' RUDDICK d be TMZ walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward GINGERBREAD and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and i ' d start out kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had push forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walking around and all of a sudden it felt up like everything had pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walk around and all of a sudden it feel like everything have pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
2
"I'm a very good runner in the hills, but I have a little problem going down."
im a very little runner in the hills but i have a good problem going down
im very a good runner in the hills but i have a little problem going down
im a very good runner in have hills but i the a little problem going down
the a very good runner in im hills but i have a little problem going down
im a very runner in the but have a little going down
im a very good runner the hills but i have a little problem going down
im a very good runner in the hills but i have a little problem going down
im very good runner in the hills but i have a little problem going down
" i ' m a very good runner Homeplus in the hills, Dean but i have a little problem Birkelbach going down. "
" i ' m a very good runner in the www.tmz.com hills, f but eBworx i have a little problem going down. "
" i ' m a very good runner in the hills, but Seminis i massive have a little problem Happy going down. "
" i ' m a WAITING very good runner Groupcast in Raja the hills, but i have a little problem going down. "
" i ' m a really adept runner in the hills, but i have a little problem going polish. "
" i ' m a really near runner in the hills, but i have a little trouble going down. "
" i ' m a very good stolon in the hills, but i have a footling problem going down. "
" i ' m a very good runner in the hill, simply single have a little problem going down. "
0
"I'm going to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of fishing."
for going to sit on my hands im the a month have a few pints and do next bit of fishing
im the to sit fishing my hands for going next month have a few pints and do a bit of on
next going to sit on of hands for the im month have a few pints and do a bit my fishing
im going of sit on my hands next the for month have a few pints and do a bit to fishing
im going to sit on my hands for the next month have a few pints and do a bit fishing
im going to sit on hands for the next have a few pints and do a bit of fishing
im going to sit on my hands for the next month have a few pints and do bit of fishing
im going sit on for the next month have a pints a bit of fishing
" i ' Vangelos m going to sit on my hands for the Tjat next month, have a few pints and do a Orlandini bit of fishing. "
" i ' m McMicking going Alicia to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of Rajkumar fishing. "
" i ' m going to Olivia sit on my hands for the next KAREN month, Diem have a few pints and do a bit of fishing. "
" i ' m going to sit on my hands Inc. for the next month, SparkIP have a few pints and Euskal do a bit of fishing. "
" i ' m going to sit on my hands for the next calendar month, have a few pint and do a moment of fishing. "
" i ' m going to sit around on my hands for the next month, feature a few pints and do a bit of fishing. "
" i ' m going to sit on my hands for the next calendar month, have a few pints and do a routine of fishing. "
" i ' m go to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of fishing. "
1
"In a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, I sighted quite a few species on Yoron Island."
in a single quite of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted morning a few species on yoron island
in a morning single of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted quite a few species on yoron island
in a season morning of birdwatching during a winter single i sighted quite a few species on yoron island
on a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted quite a few species in yoron island
in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted quite a few species on yoron island
in a single morning of birdwatching a winter season i sighted quite few species on yoron island
a single of birdwatching during a season i sighted quite a few on
in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i quite a few species yoron island
" in a single morning of Elizabeth birdwatching during Til a winter season, i sighted quite a few species on www.fcbnm.com yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, i sighted sprinkler quite centrifugal a few Extron species on yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, Vasudevan i sighted quite a player few species Steven on yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching Monsignor during a winter season, i sighted AR quite a few species on RHP yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, i sighted quite an a few species on yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, unity sight quite a few species on yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, i sighted quite a few species on yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter time of year, i sighted rather a few species on yoron island. "
0
"In addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7-mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of Corsica."
in addition to a biking along the coast we took some 7 mile hike down a heart forested mountain trail in the deeply of corsica
in addition to corsica biking along the coast we took a 7 mile hike down a deeply forested in trail mountain the heart of some
in addition to some biking along the coast a took mountain 7 mile hike down we deeply forested a trail in the heart of corsica
in coast forested some biking along the addition we took a 7 mile hike down a deeply to mountain trail in the heart of corsica
in addition to some biking along the coast we took a 7 mile hike down a deeply forested trail in heart of corsica
in to biking the coast we took a mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica
in addition to biking the coast we took a 7 mile hike down deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica
in to some biking along coast we took a mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica
" flux in addition to some biking along the coast, we took a Dara 7 - mile hike down a Motorola deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the Muskokas coast, we took a 7 - Lochgoilhead mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in Princesse the heart of corsica. "
" in Pedro addition to some biking along the coast, we took a DirecTV 7 - mile hike down a Brittney deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the kneeldowns coast, we took a 7 - mile hike down .5 a deeply forested mountain trail in plenary the heart of corsica. "
" in plus to some biking along the coast, we took a 7 - mile hike down a deeply forested slew track in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the coast, we conduct a 7 - mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7 - mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7 - mile hike up down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corse. "
0
"In less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of Scotts Creek, in a forest of old Sitka spruce behind storm-jumbled piles of driftwood."
in old than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south less scotts creek in a forest of of of spruce behind storm jumbled piles sitka driftwood
in less than a mile we dropped sitka the storm and found a camp scotts south of just creek in a forest of old to spruce behind beach jumbled piles of driftwood
creek less than a mile we dropped to the beach and scotts found camp just south of a in in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm jumbled piles of driftwood
in less than a mile we dropped to the in and found jumbled camp just old of scotts creek beach a forest of south sitka spruce behind storm a piles of driftwood
in less than a we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek in a forest of old spruce behind storm jumbled piles of driftwood
in less a mile we to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek in a of old sitka spruce behind storm piles of driftwood
in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm jumbled piles of driftwood
in less than a mile we dropped to and found a camp just south of scotts creek in a forest of old sitka spruce behind jumbled piles of driftwood
" in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp Madgen just south Joseph of Asante scotts creek, in a forest Big of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we dropped Marshall to the beach and found a camp just south Apigo of scotts creek, Eli in a forest of old sitka spruce CryoValve behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we incubator dropped to the beach and found Gardemeister a camp just kopi south of scotts creek, Larry in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in DARREN less than a Cong mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek, in a Signum forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - Wearable jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just in the south of scotts creek, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled mickle of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek, in a wood of old sitka spruce behind tempest - hugger mugger piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek, in a wood of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts brook, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
0
"In less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of Aguas Calientes and rest for the next morning's climb to Machu Picchu."
of less than an hour we would walk into the tourist village in aguas calientes and rest for climb next mornings the to machu picchu
in less than an hour we would walk into the tourist machu of aguas calientes and rest for the next mornings picchu to village climb
aguas less than an hour we would walk into the tourist village of in calientes and rest for the mornings next climb to machu picchu
in less aguas rest hour we would walk into the tourist village of than calientes and an for the next mornings climb to machu picchu
in less than an hour we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next mornings machu picchu
than an hour we would into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next mornings climb machu picchu
than an hour we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes rest for the next mornings climb to picchu
less than an hour we would walk into the tourist village calientes and rest for the next mornings climb to machu picchu
" in less than an hour, we Light would walk Côr into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next morning ' s Lodl climb Rosebraugh to machu picchu. "
" ##J in less than an hour, we would walk into the Meghann tourist village of aguas calientes KATHY and rest for the next Nephron morning ' s climb to machu picchu. "
" in less than Millsport an hour, we would walk ROZs into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the Martand next morning ' s Carl climb to machu picchu. "
" in less than Dr. an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of aguas proliferated calientes and rest Exercise for the next starring morning ' s climb to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next morning ' s raise to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the side by side morning ' s climb to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and ease for the next morning ' sulphur ascent to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would take the air into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next morning ' s climb to machu picchu. "
0
"In Montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine-forested mountain slopes."
in montana most of climbed trails we rode the steep pine forested mountain slopes
in pine most of the trails we rode climbed steep montana forested mountain slopes
in montana most of the trails we rode climbed slopes pine forested mountain steep
forested montana most of the trails we rode climbed steep pine in mountain slopes
in montana most of the we rode climbed steep pine forested mountain slopes
in montana most of the trails we rode climbed steep pine forested mountain slopes
in montana most of the trails we rode climbed steep pine forested mountain slopes
in montana of the trails we steep pine forested mountain slopes
" in montana, truely most of the trails we rode Laki climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trails leftist we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain AP slopes. "
" in montana, most of the Waleed trails we rode climbed steep, pine - Oprison forested mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of La the trails symbol we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - afforest mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trail we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
0
Is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? I know you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting a in permitted national wilderness i know you can hunt in a national forest
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness i know you can hunt forest a national in
is hunting permitted in can national wilderness i know you a hunt in a national forest
is hunting can in a national wilderness i know you permitted hunt in a national forest
hunting permitted in a wilderness i know you can hunt in a national forest
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness i know you can hunt in a national
is hunting permitted a national wilderness i know you in a national forest
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness i know you can hunt in a national forest
is hunting Six permitted in a national wilderness? i know Clint you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? i Feigel know you can Stephen hunt in a national forest.
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? i know Joseph you can hunt in a 2G national forest.
is hunting permitted in a national Ron wilderness? Kerr i know you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting let in a national wilderness? i know you can hunt in a national woodland.
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? i know you can hound in a national forest.
is hunt permitted in a home wilderness? i know you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? atomic number 53 know you can hunt in a national forest.
1
"It took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain, but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas."
it took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain but once we got there the ground away fell leaving the breathless at us vistas
us took two days of uphill hiking fell us to crest a mountain but once we got there the ground for away leaving it breathless at the vistas
it took two days of the hiking for us to crest a mountain but once we away there uphill ground fell got leaving us breathless at the vistas
it took two days breathless uphill hiking for ground to crest a mountain but once we got there the us fell away leaving us of at the vistas
it took two days of uphill hiking us to crest a mountain but once we got there the ground fell away leaving breathless at the vistas
it took two of uphill hiking us to crest a mountain but once got there the ground fell away leaving us breathless at the vistas
it two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain but once we got there ground fell away leaving us breathless at the vistas
it took days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain but once we got there the ground fell away leaving us breathless at the
" it took two days of NovaNewsNow.com uphill easygates hiking for us to crest a mountain, Quwan but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless Natl at the vistas. "
" rapper it took two days of uphill LoVerde hiking for us Hyberger to visit crest a mountain, but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas. "
" it took two days of uphill hiking for us Pontiac to crest a mountain, but once we got there the ground Vinny fell away, leaving us breathless at Tory the By vistas. "
" EventSetter.com it took two days of uphill hiking for PolyHeme us to crest AVIC a mountain, but once Akhavi we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas. "
" it took deuce days of uphill hiking for us to cap a mountain, but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas. "
" it took two days of uphill hike for us to crest a mass, but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving united states of america breathless at the vistas. "
" it take two days of uphill hiking for u to crest a mountain, but erst we got there the ground fall away, leaving us breathless at the vistas. "
" it took two days of uphill boost for the states to crest a mountain, but once we got in that location the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas. "
0
"It was a cool, misty morning at Fraser's Hill, and I was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago."
it was morning cool misty a at i hill and frasers was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago
it was a and misty morning at frasers hill with i was birdwatching cool a group of friends a decade ago
it was a cool friends morning at frasers hill and i misty birdwatching with a group of was a decade ago
it was a cool misty morning group frasers hill and i was a with birdwatching at of friends a decade ago
it was cool misty morning at frasers hill and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago
it was a cool misty at frasers hill and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a ago
it was a cool misty morning frasers hill and was birdwatching a group of friends a decade ago
it was a cool misty morning frasers hill and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago
" it was a cool, misty morning at fraser ' Muskett s hill, and i was birdwatching with striker a group of friends a decade TO ago. "
" it was a cool, misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and Growing i was birdwatching Cederoth with a group of Cent friends a decade ago. "
" it was a Martelly cool, misty morning at humanized fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching with a Sport group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was Tekulve a cool, misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and i Rajesh was birdwatching with a group bauls of friends a decade ago. "
" it be a cool, misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was a cool, misty aurora at fraser ' atomic number 16 hill, and i be birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago. "
" information technology was a cool, misty morning at fraser ' s j. j. hill, and i was bird with a group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was a nerveless, misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching with a group of friend a decade ago. "
0
"It was early Sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the Santa Monica Mountains, as my son, Jann, and I were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars."
it was early sunday morning fog still covering the peaks of monica santa mountains the as my son jann and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz sports approaching of cars
it was early sunday when fog still and the peaks of the santa monica mountains as my son jann covering i were out rock hunting morning we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
it was early of morning fog still covering the peaks of the heard monica mountains as my sunday jann and i were out rock hunting when we santa the buzz son approaching sports cars
it my early sunday morning fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica rock as was son jann and i were out mountains hunting when we buzz the heard of approaching sports cars
it was early sunday morning fog still the peaks of the santa monica mountains as my son jann and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
it was early sunday morning fog covering the peaks of the monica mountains as son jann and i were out hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
it was early sunday morning fog covering the of the monica mountains as my son jann and i were rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
it was early sunday morning fog still covering peaks of the santa mountains as my son jann and i out rock hunting we heard the buzz approaching sports cars
" it was early sunday morning, fog still Hakoda covering the peaks of the santa Voxonic monica ================================ mountains, as my son, jann, and i TDS#### were out rock hunting when we heard Pilihan the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
" it was early sunday morning, Malteser fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, and i were Urumuqi out rock Scott hunting when Pellegrene we heard the buzz of Francoise approaching sports cars. "
" it REICH was early sunday morning, Daphne fog still covering the peaks please of the santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, and Confidentiality i were out rock hunting when we heard Besteman the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
" it was early sunday Wilhelm morning, fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica Salif mountains, Skanee as my son, jann, and i were Louis out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of Ashleigh approaching sports cars. "
" it was former sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica mountains, as my logos, jann, and i were out rock hunting when we learn the buzz of set about sports cars. "
" it was early sunday morning, murk still cover the peaks of the santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
" it was early sunday morning, fog yet covering the extremum of the santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, and i be out careen hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
" it was early sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the saint nick monica tidy sum, as my son, jann, and i were out rock hunting when we heard the bombination of approaching play cars. "
0
"It's early today so it's still a slow day on the beach, but I don't really see any changes said Gulf county mayor Joe Nugent."
its nugent today so its still a slow day on joe beach but i dont really see any changes said gulf county mayor the early
its early today so its i a slow day on the still but beach dont really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent
its early nugent so its still a slow day on the today but i dont really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe beach
its early today so its still a slow day on the beach but i dont said see joe changes really gulf county mayor any nugent
its early today still a slow day on the beach but i dont really see any said gulf county mayor joe nugent
its early so its still slow day on beach i dont really see any changes said gulf mayor joe
its early today so its a slow day on the beach i dont really see any changes gulf mayor joe nugent
its today so its still a slow day on the beach but i dont really see any changes said gulf county mayor nugent
" it ' Saliterman s early today so it ' s still Hybla a slow Geof day on the beach, but i don ' t really see any changes said gulf THE county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' Law s early today so it ' s still a IMS slow day on the beach, but i don ' Rick t really TaxMasters see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' s Nezavisimaya early today so it ' s still a netminder slow day on #QF## the Lydiate beach, but i don ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' s early today stewing so it ' s still a slow day TIM on the beach, but i go4 don ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe Ralph nugent. "
" it ' s early today so it ' s still a slow day on the beach, but i don ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' s early today so it ' s still a slow day on the beach, but i don ' t real see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' s early today so information technology ' s still a slow day on the beach, but one don ' t really see any changes said gulf county city manager joe nugent. "
" information technology ' s other today so it ' s still a slow day on the beach, but i don ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
0
"I've explored Greece profitably by intercity bus  good service, rental car and island ferries."
ive explored greece profitably car intercity bus good service rental by and island ferries
ive explored greece and by intercity bus good service rental car profitably island ferries
ive explored ferries profitably by intercity bus good service rental car and island greece
ive explored profitably greece by intercity bus good service rental car and island ferries
ive explored greece profitably by bus good service rental car and island ferries
ive explored profitably by bus good rental car and island ferries
ive explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service rental car and island ferries
ive explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service rental car and island ferries
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus Saylor good service, rental car and Ogwugwu island ferries. "
" i ' Ahmed ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus acutally good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus Cemil good Inspiring service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity Indirect bus Slader good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explore greece profitably by intercity bus good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus good robert william service, rental car and island ferries. "
0
"I've gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the Anti-Atlas Mountains of southern Morocco."
ive gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with the my strangers morocco became of friends most memorably many years ago through groups anti atlas mountains of southern who
ive gone strangers with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of backpacking who became years friends southern memorably many my ago through the anti atlas mountains of most morocco
ive gone backpacking many my brother and southern walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends most memorably with years ago through the anti atlas mountains of taken morocco
ive gone backpacking with through brother and taken walking tours with my many strangers who became my friends most memorably of years ago groups the anti atlas mountains of southern morocco
ive gone backpacking with my brother and walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends most memorably years ago through the anti atlas mountains of southern morocco
ive gone my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who my friends most memorably many years ago through the atlas southern morocco
ive backpacking with my brother walking tours groups of strangers who became my friends most memorably many years ago through the anti atlas mountains southern morocco
ive gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking with of who became my friends most memorably many years ago through the anti atlas mountains of southern morocco
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of Eyal strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the famous anti - atlas Google mountains of OpenProj southern morocco. "
" Hummocks i ' ve gone backpacking with my HBV brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the dress anti - atlas mountains Carina of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours NEXIUM with groups plutonium of strangers who Babson became derive my friends, most memorably many years ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' Lean ve gone backpacking with my MapGuide brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became Vander my friends, most memorably many years ago through the anti - Neil atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve run backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago done the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking spell with groups of strangers who become my protagonist, most memorably many years ago through with the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my chum and taken walk tours with mathematical group of stranger who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
0
Last year I was sitting on the beach and we signed Shaun Wright-Phillips and Michael Essien in the two positions I play.
last year i was positions shaun the beach and we signed on wright phillips and michael essien in the two sitting i play
last year i was sitting and the we on beach signed shaun wright phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play
last year i was michael on the play and we signed shaun wright phillips and sitting essien in the two positions i beach
last year i was sitting on the beach two we signed shaun wright phillips and michael essien in play and positions i the
last year i sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright phillips and michael essien in the positions i play
last year i was sitting on the beach we signed wright phillips and michael essien in the two positions i
last year i was on the beach and we signed shaun wright and michael essien in the positions i play
last year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play
Postie last year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun iPhoneApple wright - phillips and Nastold michael essien in the two positions i play.
last year i was sitting on the VTMS beach and http://www.peets.com we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the Altun two positions i play.
BEND last year i was sitting on the beach and we Pacyna signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the #/#a two positions i play.
Kuchar last Agyeiwaa year i was pine sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play.
last year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two position i play.
last year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the 2 positions i turn.
last year i was sit down on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play.
last year i was sit on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the 2 positions i play.
0
"Maddie went in next, and I followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying Gilbert's strict orders: don't let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don't dive down, as we'd been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops."
that went the next and i followed her joining about six other snorkelers all of us obeying gilberts strict previous dont yellow go of on floating let line maddie was tethered to the boat and dont dive down as wed been allowed to do in the two orders snorkel stops
maddie went in next and about followed her joining i six other snorkelers all of us obeying wed gilberts orders dont let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered previous the boat and dont dive down as strict snorkel allowed to do on the two to been stops
maddie went in gilberts and i previous her joining about six other snorkelers all strict us obeying next of orders dont dive go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and dont let down as wed been allowed followed do on the two to snorkel stops
maddie went in next and i followed line boat about six other snorkelers all of us obeying gilberts the orders dont let go of the floating tethered allowed that was yellow to the joining and dont dive down as wed been her to do on strict two previous snorkel stops
went next i followed her joining about six other snorkelers all of us obeying gilberts strict orders dont let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat dont dive down as wed been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops
maddie went next and followed her joining about six other snorkelers all of us obeying gilberts strict orders dont let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat dont down as wed been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops
maddie went in next i followed her joining about six other snorkelers all of us obeying gilberts strict dont let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and dont down as wed been allowed to do on the two previous stops
maddie went in next and i followed joining six other all of us obeying gilberts strict orders dont let go of the yellow line that tethered to the boat and dont dive down as wed allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops
" maddie went in next, and i followed her, joining about six Scott other snorkelers, bait all of twitpics us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of the Carlton floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t Afram dive down, as we ' d been allowed funnily to do on Senator the two previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went endoscopic in next, and i Humvees followed her, joining about six other Dior snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: Jay don ' t let go of the floating yellow line BY that was tethered to the boat and don ' t dive down, vampire as we ' d been allowed to do on the two previous Cuadrilla snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and i followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: Jacques don ' t let go TMCNet of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t NASDAQ dive down, as we ' Liz d Crackle been allowed to Selich do on the Financial two previous snorkel stops. "
" Elphi maddie went in next, and i followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us BNFL obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t Loeb let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t dive quartzite down, as OnVantage we ' d been Muhire allowed to do on Rx the two previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in adjacent, and iodin followed her, joining about sestet other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of the floating yellow line that was tether to the boat and don river ' t dive down, as we ' d been allowed to do on the deuce previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and i follow her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of the floating sensationalistic line that cost tethered to the boat and preceptor ' t plunge down, as we ' d be allowed to manage on the two previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in future, and i followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict club: don ' t army of the pure go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and father ' t dive down, as we ' d been allowed to do on the two old snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and iodine followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obey gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t dive down, as we ' d been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops. "
0
My approach to keeping safe when I go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i alone walking go is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to keeping safe when i go dangers alone is to choose a countryside with minimal walking
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose countryside a with minimal dangers
my approach keeping to safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside minimal dangers
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my to keeping when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to keeping safe Boats when i go walking alone is Kneib to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a Admin countryside with minimal serial dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone Hamood is Bernie to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach Jase to keeping safe when Jesse i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to pick out a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping dependable when i go walking alone is to select a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimum dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when unity go walking alone is to pick out a countryside with minimal dangers.
0
"My husband, Roger, and elder son, Jacob, age 4, embarked on a father-son rowboat expedition while I opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18-pound Gabriel on my back."
my my roger and elder son jacob stream 4 trout on a father son rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the embarked age with 18 pound gabriel on husband back
my husband roger and elder son jacob age 4 gabriel pound a father son rowboat expedition while i embarked for a hike to the trout stream with 18 on opted on my back
my husband roger and elder son jacob age 4 embarked expedition a father i rowboat on while son opted 18 a hike to the trout stream with for pound gabriel on my back
my husband roger and elder son jacob age 4 the with a father son rowboat for while i opted expedition a hike to embarked trout stream on 18 pound gabriel on my back
my husband roger and elder son jacob age embarked on a father son rowboat expedition while i opted for to the trout stream with 18 gabriel on my back
my husband roger and son jacob age 4 embarked a father son rowboat expedition while opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 pound gabriel on my back
my husband roger and elder son age 4 embarked on a father son rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 pound gabriel on my back
husband roger and elder son jacob age 4 embarked on a father rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 pound gabriel my back
" unseal my husband, roger, and Bakoudou elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - son rowboat expedition while i opted for a By hike Lithium to the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel on my ACCES back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, Jose embarked Mark on a father - son rowboat Chaviano expedition while i opted for a hike to Michael the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel Cappellari on my back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, Alderden jacob, NZU age 4, embarked on a father - son rowboat expedition Charite while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - pound sciatica gabriel on GHATTAS my back. "
" my husband, Appellants roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, DaysAgo embarked on a father - son rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the Serkalem trout stream with 18 - pituitary pound absorptive gabriel on my back. "
" my husband, roger, and older son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - son rowboat expedition while unity opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel on my vertebral column. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - son rowboat expedition while atomic number 53 opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel on my back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - logos rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel on my back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, francois jacob, age 4, enter on a father - son rowboat military expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout watercourse with 18 - pound gabriel on my back. "
0
Now I am just going to play football on the beach with my friends.
now i am just going to play on football the beach with my friends
now i am just play to going football on the beach with my friends
now i am just friends to play football on the beach with my going
now i am just going to play football on my beach with the friends
now i am just going to play football the beach my
now i am just going to play football on the beach with my friends
now i am just going to play football on the beach with my friends
now i am just going to play on the beach with my friends
Ashworth now i am just going Trivikram to play football on the beach with my friends.
now i am just going to play football on the beach Nicki with herbicide my friends.
Ace now i am just going to play football Nanhui on the beach with my friends.
spokesman now i am just going to play Councilor football on the beach with my friends.
forthwith i am just going to play football on the beach with my supporter.
now i am just now going to play football on the beach with my friends.
now i am just going to recreate football on the beach with my friends.
now i am exactly going to play football on the beach with my friends.
1
"Now that I saw my escape from the wilderness, I relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me."
now hiking i saw my escape from and wilderness the relaxed and pulled off my shirt hat and that boots the sank into i river letting the cool waters wash over me
my that i saw my escape from the boots i relaxed and pulled off now river hat and hiking wilderness and sank into the shirt letting the cool waters wash over me
now that i saw escape my from over wilderness i relaxed and waters off my shirt hat and hiking boots and sank into the river letting the cool pulled wash the me
now that i saw my escape from sank wilderness i relaxed the pulled off my shirt hat and hiking boots and and into the over letting the cool waters wash river me
now that i saw my escape from the wilderness i relaxed and pulled off my hat and hiking boots and sank into the river letting cool waters wash over me
now that saw my escape the wilderness i relaxed pulled off my shirt hat and hiking and sank into the river letting the cool waters wash over me
now that i saw my escape from the wilderness i and pulled my shirt hat and hiking boots sank into the river letting the waters wash over me
now that i saw my escape from the wilderness i relaxed and pulled my shirt hat and hiking boots and sank into the river letting the cool waters wash over me
" now Suthanthiran that i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, Christoph hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the creates cool waters Battisti wash over me. "
" now that i saw Minister my escape from the wilderness, Naunton i Binagwaho relaxed and pulled off FOR my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me. "
" now that i Kantanka saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking Gulu boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters Teramae wash over Jen me. "
" Pudducherry now that i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and NetMedia hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the Ishwar cool novel waters wash over me. "
" straight off that i saw my escape from the wild, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me. "
" now that i see my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hike up boots and sank into the river, let the cool waters wash over me. "
" now that i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hike up boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over pine tree state. "
" straightaway that i see my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me. "
0
"On a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as good a shot as we could expect."
on a day when the wind was not as strong but pushing against a tide discouraging fish it drifting with happily the current picking off the sand worm here a snapping shrimp there from was only good a shot as we could expect
on a day when the wind was not only strong but the against pushing tide discouraging fish from drifting happily good the current worm off a sand picking as a snapping shrimp there it was here with a shot as we could expect
on a day when the current was only not strong but pushing against the tide discouraging fish from drifting happily sand the wind we off a with worm here a snapping shrimp there it was as good a shot as picking could expect
the a day when was wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide discouraging fish from drifting happily with off current picking shrimp a sand worm here a snapping the there it on as good a shot as we could expect
a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide discouraging drifting happily with current picking a sand worm here a snapping shrimp there it was as good a shot as we could expect
on a day when the wind not only strong but pushing against the tide discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current picking off a sand worm here a snapping shrimp there it was as good a shot as we could expect
on a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing the discouraging fish from drifting happily with current picking off a sand worm here a shrimp there it was as good a shot as we expect
on a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide discouraging fish from drifting happily the current picking off a sand worm a snapping shrimp there it was as a shot as we could expect
" novel on a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from Hirschbach drifting happily By with the current, picking off a sand worm here, Oswood a snapping shrimp there, it was as Simmens good a shot as we could expect. "
" Therapeutic on a day when the wind was not only strong but DIMON pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a restorative snapping shrimp there, it was as good a shot Angel as we could Defending expect. "
" on a day when the ARCA wind was Afternoon not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the rock### current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp AspenTech there, it was as good a shot as Successive we could expect. "
" on a day when Melgaard the wind was not Talamas only strong but pushing against the pedestrian tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a mercury sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as Mark good a shot as we could expect. "
" on a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from be adrift happily with the current, beak off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as unspoiled a guessing as we could expect. "
" on a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking dispatch a sand worm here, a snap shrimp there, it was as good a shot as we could expect. "
" on a day when the wind was not entirely strong but push against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting blithely with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as estimable a shot as we could expect. "
" on a daylight when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a guts worm here, a snapping shrimp there, information technology was equally good a pellet as we could expect. "
0
"On a recent weekend birding trip with Eastern Shore Escapes, a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, I explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of Willis Wharf, a side trip to the town of Oyster, a garden tour of historic Eyre Hall and birding at the Eastern Shore of Virginia National Wildlife Refuge, Kiptopeke State Park and even the town dump."
on a recent weekend birding town with eastern shore escapes a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area i explored the entire southern tip the the national with a long trip trip out state willis wharf of side trip to a boat of oyster a garden tour the historic eyre hall and birding at of eastern shore of virginia peninsula wildlife refuge kiptopeke of park and even the town dump
on a recent weekend birding trip wildlife eastern shore escapes a company set up to attract tourism dollars to trip area i explored the entire southern tip of the the with a virginia boat trip out of with wharf long side the to the town of oyster a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding shore peninsula eastern at of a national willis refuge kiptopeke state park and even the town dump
on a recent weekend birding trip eastern with shore escapes a company of up to attract tourism dollars to the area explored garden the entire southern a of the peninsula with a refuge boat trip out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of oyster tip i tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore set virginia national state long kiptopeke wildlife park and even the town dump
on a recent weekend birding trip tourism eastern shore shore a the set up to at with of to the area dollars explored company entire southern tip even the peninsula with a long boat trip out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of oyster a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding attract the eastern escapes of virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park and i the town dump
on a recent weekend birding trip with shore a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula with a long boat out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of oyster a garden tour of historic hall and birding the eastern shore of virginia national refuge kiptopeke park and even the town dump
on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area i explored entire tip of the with a long boat trip out of willis wharf side trip to the town of oyster a garden of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge state park and even the town dump
on weekend with eastern shore escapes company set up to attract tourism dollars the area i explored the entire southern tip of peninsula with a long boat trip out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of garden tour of historic eyre hall birding at the eastern shore virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park even the town dump
on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area i explored the entire tip peninsula with a long boat trip out willis wharf a side trip to the town of oyster a tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park and the town
" Dale on a recent weekend birding trip Centrale with eastern shore escapes, a company herbals set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, Babakan i explored the Savaglio entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat Lavesa trip out of willis Inabata wharf, a side trip to the town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state ThinSpring park and even TO the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore Birkenholz escapes, a company set sharing up to attract tourism dollars to the PALOS area, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of willis wharf, a side trip to the town of oyster, MXN##.# a Hildegard garden ------------ tour of historic Susor eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state premenopausal park and even the Swaraj town dump. "
" on a recent weekend Inking birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a Bob company set up planet to attract Grave tourism dollars to Shpongle the area, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with student a long boat trip out of willis wharf, a side trip to the Rs.4 town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore Use of virginia SemanticSpace national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
" on a Mogopa recent Terroirs weekend birding trip Cosenza with eastern shore Youssef escapes, Isale a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, Former with a long boat trip out quadricep of willis wharf, a side trip to the town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall ASAMOAH and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke Inverness state park and even the town dump. "
" on a late weekend birding trip with eastern shoring escapes, a company set upwards to attract tourism dollars to the area, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of willis wharf, a side trip to the town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre charles francis hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia home wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a company set up to attract touristry dollars to the sphere, i explored the intact southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat stumble out of willis wharf, a side trip to the town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke department of state park and even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a ship's company set upward to attract tourism dollars to the area, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a farseeing boat trip out of willis wharf, a side slip to the town of oyster, a garden turn of historical eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the country, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of thomas willis dock, a slope trip to the town of oyster, a garden hitch of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shoring of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state parking area and even the town dump. "
0
"On another day when the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic-redolent Italian neighborhood of North Beach, past Washington Square: which is neither square it's triangular nor related to Washington the statue's of Ben Franklin."
on another day when the skies were merely which we walked north the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of to beach past washington square spitting is neither square its triangular nor related to washington franklin statues of ben the
on its day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach washington past square which is neither washington another triangular nor related to square the statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood triangular of washington past washington square which is neither square its north nor related to beach the statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were merely to we walked ben the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of statues beach past washington square which is neither square its triangular nor related spitting washington the north of to franklin
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north washington square which is neither square its triangular nor related to statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach past washington square which is neither square its triangular nor related to washington the statues of ben franklin
on day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent neighborhood of north beach past washington square which is neither square triangular nor related to washington the statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we to the garlic redolent italian of beach past washington square which is neither square its triangular nor related to washington the statues of ben franklin
" on another Hammadi day glossy when the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic - redolent italian intravenous neighborhood of north beach, past washington square: which is neither square it ' Hou s triangular nor related to washington the Grayer statue ' s of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic - redolent Greg italian neighborhood of candylike north beach, past washington square: which is neither square Carol it ' s triangular nor related to Nogja washington the statue ' s bartender of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the skies were merely Premarket spitting, we walked to the Grape garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past washington square: which is neither Giz square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' Sebastian s of Katie ben franklin. "
" on another day when Aphale the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic - redolent Mohammed italian Chris neighborhood avails of north beach, past Lauren washington square: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the sky were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, retiring washington foursquare: which is neither public square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the skies were only spit, we walked to the garlic - redolent italian vicinity of north beach, past washington square: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' due south of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the sky were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past booker t. washington square toes: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the skies were merely spitting, we take the air to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past booker taliaferro washington square: which be neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
0
"On another day, after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the Sevilla Trail."
on another day after hiked sandstone through dramatic mountain passes we a out onto an orange drive plateau on the sevilla trail
on another day after sandstone drive through dramatic mountain passes we hiked out onto on orange a plateau an the sevilla trail
on another sevilla after mountain drive through dramatic a passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the day trail
on another orange after a drive through dramatic mountain passes day hiked out onto an we sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail
on another after drive through dramatic mountain passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail
on another day after a drive through dramatic mountain we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau the trail
on another day after a drive dramatic mountain passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone on the sevilla trail
on another day after a drive dramatic mountain passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail
" on another day, after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked Bob out onto an orange sandstone plateau on Jinduicheng the HL sevilla trail. "
" on another day, after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto Don an CIA orange sandstone Samuel plateau on the sevilla trail. "
" Marcus on another day, after a Ni drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the Lacor sevilla trail. "
" on another day, plc after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the Mark sevilla tb trail. "
" on another day, after a cause through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the seville trail. "
" on another day, after a drive through spectacular mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone tableland on the seville trail. "
" on another day, after a drive through dramatic lot passes, we hiked out onto an orangeness sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail. "
" on another day, after a thrust through with dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail. "
0
"On another excursion, we went by boat to Corcovado National Park for a hike."
on another excursion we hike by boat to corcovado national park for a went
on another excursion we went by boat to corcovado a park for national hike
excursion another on we went by boat to corcovado national park for a hike
on another for we went by boat to corcovado national park excursion a hike
on another excursion we went by boat to corcovado national park for a hike
on another excursion we went by national park for a hike
on another excursion we went by boat to corcovado national park a hike
another excursion we went by boat to corcovado national for a hike
" on another excursion, we Spata went by boat to corcovado national park for SUNNYVALE a hike. "
" on another Batterymate excursion, we went NASDAQ by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on Taught another toddler excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on Wiesenburg another excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national park Waives for a hike. "
" on another excursion, we locomote by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on another junket, we went by gravy holder to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on another excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on another excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national commons for a hike. "
0
"On meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, I stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars."
on meandering hikes among the deer and mysterious i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the a ripples of chipmunks mountain stream and thank my lucky stars
on meandering hikes among the my and chipmunks i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank deer lucky stars
on meandering hikes among my deer and chipmunks through stop to stare i hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank the lucky stars
on meandering hikes among the deer and to i stop chipmunks stare through mountain clouds or the mysterious ripples of a hypnotizing stream and thank my lucky stars
on meandering hikes deer and chipmunks i to stare through hypnotizing clouds the mysterious of a mountain and thank my lucky
meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks i to through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain and thank my lucky stars
on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or mysterious ripples mountain stream and thank my lucky stars
on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks i stop to stare through hypnotizing or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream thank my lucky stars
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, i stop to Listed stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious CADF ripples of a mountain Amersham stream and thank ESPNEWS my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes relievers among the deer and chipmunks, i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds Nolan or Picacho the mysterious ripples of a WALDPORT mountain stream and thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and Di chipmunks, i stop to stare through hypnotizing TEPA clouds or the Fibre mysterious ripples of a mountain Address stream and thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among Mao the deer and chipmunks, i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious Hoffstetter ripples of a mountain Loews stream and thank my Fiesta lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, ane stop to gaze through hypnotizing cloud or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, i block to gaze through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain watercourse and thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, i stop to gaze through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky ace. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, i break off to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the cryptic ripples of a mountain flow and thank my lucky ace. "
0
"On mountain trails, we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas."
on mountain trails we will springs step around bubbling sulphur carefully steaming from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling and wild orchids ferns parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails to will carefully step around bubbling sulphur from steaming springs the ground and will pause often we admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails step will carefully we around bubbling and springs steaming from the ground sulphur will pause often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails orchids will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground and often pause will to admire unfurling ferns wild we and parrots and iguanas
on trails will carefully step bubbling sulphur springs from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots iguanas
mountain trails we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground will pause often to admire unfurling wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails we will carefully step around sulphur springs steaming from the and pause often admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails we will step around sulphur steaming from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
" on mountain trails, we Metamor will VANCOUVER carefully step Datec around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the Baguma ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas. "
" Doug on mountain trails, we will carefully step around bubbling Sweet sulphur springs througout steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling Lowen ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will Betcha carefully step around bubbling sulphur www.change.gov springs steaming from ee the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots Parah and iguanas. "
" Birch on mountain trails, we will carefully step Los around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause Hammerli often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and lenticular parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will carefully ill treat around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrot and iguanas. "
" on mountain trail, we testament cautiously step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling fern, wild orchid, and parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trail, we will carefully step around burble sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to look up to unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas. "
1
"On our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard."
on into first day of mountain trekking we walked straight our a blizzard
on first our day of mountain trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
mountain our first day of on trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
on our of day first mountain trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
on our of mountain trekking we walked straight into a
our first day of mountain trekking walked into a blizzard
on our first day mountain trekking walked straight into a
on our first day of mountain trekking we straight into a blizzard
" on utility our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a Adam blizzard. "
" Jon on our first day of mountain trekking, we dense walked straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first day Rokoura of Emil mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight www.alphatecspine.com into Nontsikelelo a blizzard. "
" on our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first 24 hour interval of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard. "
2
"On our first day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for five guns shooting walk-up."
on our first day we birds 37 bagged a fine take for five guns shooting walk up
on our first walk we bagged 37 birds a fine take for five guns shooting day up
on our first day we bagged five birds a fine take for 37 guns shooting walk up
on our first day we walk 37 birds a fine take for five guns shooting bagged up
on our first day we bagged 37 birds a fine take for five guns shooting walk up
on our first day we bagged 37 birds a fine for five guns shooting walk up
on our day we bagged 37 birds a fine for five guns shooting walk
on our first we bagged 37 birds a fine take for five guns shooting walk up
" on our first day we bagged 37 birds, CTPartners a fine take Japan for five guns shooting walk - preliminary up. "
" Bayardo on our first day we bagged Griefer 37 birds, a fine Blackberry take for five guns shooting walk - up. "
" Cesar on our first day we bagged Primedia 37 birds, grand a fine take for five guns shooting walk - up. "
" on Booty our first day we bagged Carnmoney 37 birds, a demon fine take for five guns shooting walk - up. "
" on our first day we bagged 37 birds, a o.k. take for five throttle shooting manner of walking - up. "
" on our first day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for five guns shooting walk - upwards. "
" on our first day we pocket 37 birds, a fine take for v guns shooting walk - up. "
" on our initiative day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for five guns shooting walk - up. "
0
"On our first morning, we joined a dozen other guests for a two-hour nature walk led by Fugagli at the Gila River Farm Preserve, a nearby conservancy property."
on our first morning we joined a dozen other guests for a two hour nature walk led property fugagli at preserve gila river farm the a nearby conservancy by
gila our first morning we joined a dozen other guests for a two hour nature walk a by fugagli at the on river farm preserve led nearby conservancy property
on our first by we joined the dozen other guests for a two hour nature walk led morning fugagli at a gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
on our first morning guests joined fugagli dozen other we for a two hour nature walk led by a at the gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
on our first morning joined a dozen other a two hour walk led by fugagli the gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
on our first morning we joined a dozen other guests for a two hour nature walk led by fugagli at the river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
our first morning we joined a other guests for a two hour nature walk by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
on our first morning we joined a dozen other guests for a two hour walk led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
" on our first morning, we Buangor joined a dozen other guests for a Hajipir two - hour pamahalaan nature walk led by fugagli at the gila Isidora river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, we joined a HDNet dozen other Menchavez guests for a two - Goddamnit hour nature walk led by fugagli at deodorizing the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, PSYCHOLOGICAL we joined a dozen other guests for a two - hour nature walk led Eric by fugagli at the QUAY gila river farm Paul preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our Hancock first morning, multiple we joined a Isilon dozen other guests for a two - hour nature walk podding led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, we joined a dozen other guests for a two - hour nature paseo led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, we connect a dozen other guests for a two - hour nature walk led by fugagli at the gila river river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy prop. "
" on our first morning, we joined a xii other guest for a two - hour nature walk led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy attribute. "
" on our first morning, we link up a dozen early guests for a two - hour nature walk led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy holding. "
0
"On our first outing here we saw lots of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon-bright blue and green hues."
on of first outing here we saw lots our fish parrotfish the including with its neon bright blue and green hues
on our first outing its we saw lots of fish including the bright with here neon parrotfish blue and green hues
on our first outing here we blue lots including fish of the parrotfish with its neon bright saw and green hues
on and first outing here we saw lots of fish including the parrotfish with its neon our blue bright green hues
on our first outing here we saw lots of fish including the with its neon bright blue and green hues
on our first outing here we saw lots of fish including the parrotfish with its neon bright blue and green hues
on our first outing here we saw lots of fish including the with its neon bright blue
on our first here we saw lots fish including the with its neon bright blue and green hues
" on our Balbir first outing here we saw lots of blogcoordinator fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon - Myofascial bright blue and green hues. "
" on our Barry first outing here we saw lots of fish, including the XCS parrotfish, with www.kpcenter.org its neon - bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing here we saw lots of fish, including Psy the parrotfish, beatings with its neon - bright 'S blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing here Luminar we Temuge saw lots André of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon - bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first come out here we saw raft of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon - bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing here we saw lashings of fish, including the pollyfish, with its atomic number 10 - bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing here we saw lots of fish, including the pollyfish, with its neon - bright bluing and green hues. "
" on our first come out here we saw lots of fish, admit the parrotfish, with its neon - bright blue and green hues. "
0
"On previous visits to Umbagog, Ruth and I stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake's shores controlled by Umbagog Lake Campground of Errol."
on previous visits to and ruth umbagog by stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled i umbagog lake campground of errol
on previous visits to umbagog ruth and i umbagog in our tent at on of the wilderness campsites one the lakes shores controlled by stayed lake campground of errol
ruth previous visits to umbagog by and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled on umbagog lake campground of errol
on previous visits campground umbagog ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled of umbagog lake to by errol
on previous visits to umbagog ruth and i in our tent one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground errol
on previous visits to umbagog ruth and stayed our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on lakes shores controlled by lake campground of errol
previous to umbagog ruth and i stayed in our tent at of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
on visits to umbagog ruth and stayed in our tent at of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
" on previous Gonzalo visits to umbagog, ruth and Poseidon i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by negated umbagog lake WEST campground of errol. "
" on marrying previous visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites Maineville on the lake ' s BULLETIN shores controlled by Neil umbagog lake campground of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our tent at one trendless of the wilderness campsites on the Tue lake ' s Okeyo shores controlled by umbagog physiologically lake campground of errol. "
" herbs on previous visits to BLACK umbagog, blinds ruth and i stayed in Joshua our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our collapsible shelter at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol. "
" on late visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores see by umbagog lake campground of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, sultan of swat and ane stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' mho shores controlled by umbagog lake camping ground of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, ruth and one stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol. "
0
"On the boardwalk, we faced the breeding marsh."
on the marsh we faced the breeding boardwalk
breeding the boardwalk we faced the on marsh
on the faced we boardwalk the breeding marsh
breeding the boardwalk we faced the on marsh
on the we faced the marsh
on the boardwalk we faced the breeding marsh
on the boardwalk we faced the breeding marsh
on the boardwalk faced the breeding marsh
" on By the boardwalk, we icepack faced the breeding marsh. "
" on the President boardwalk, we faced the breeding Patch marsh. "
" on Bill the boardwalk, we faced interstitial the breeding marsh. "
" on the Klip boardwalk, we faced the breeding Goodbyes marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we faced the raising marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we faced the breeding reginald marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we faced the facts of life marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we faced the breeding reginald marsh. "
0
"On the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the Hadlaskard hut: a slate-gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut's caretaker."
on the third day of our trek after eight hours on of destination we reached our trail at the hadlaskard hut packs slate gray house on the by the a mountain stream and dropped our a to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared banks the huts caretaker
on the third at of our trek after eight hours on the prepared a reached our destination day the hadlaskard hut a stream gray house on the banks of we mountain slate and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread trail by the huts caretaker
on the third day of our trek after eight hours on the trail we a slate the at the hadlaskard hut reached our gray house on the banks of a mountain huts and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by destination stream caretaker
on mountain third day of our trek after eight hours on hut trail banks reached our destination at the hadlaskard the a slate gray house on the we packs a the stream and dropped our of to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the huts caretaker
on the third day of our trek after eight hours on the trail we reached our destination at the hut a gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared huts caretaker
on the third day of our trek after eight hours on the trail we our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate on banks of a mountain stream dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the huts caretaker
on the third of our trek after eight hours on the we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped packs the of baked bread prepared by the huts caretaker
on the third day of our trek after eight hours on the trail we reached our at the hadlaskard hut a slate house on the banks of a mountain dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the huts caretaker
" IBP on the third Melamchi day Noel of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we daily reached our destination Trobriand at the Glesmann hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight Minister hours Afghanization on the trail, we reached our destination Bowersox at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - WNML gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared Papwa by the hut ' dusted s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight undersheriff hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the Tayseer banks of presenters a mountain stream and dropped Boart our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the WestPac hut ' s WINTERFEST caretaker. "
" on the third day of our Bechtel trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the hadlaskard refractory hut: a Lucy slate - gray house on the Ammonia banks of OBSTACLES a mountain stream and dropped ---------- our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third daylight of our trek, after viii hours on the trail, we reached our finish at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our pack to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third sidereal day of our trek, after octad hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the depository financial institution of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread machinate by the army hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reach our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our pack to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
0
"On Tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on Crooks Mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream."
on tuesday the to began terrain slope steeply and we campsite to moved a on crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars but cozier with pines and a running stream
on tuesday the terrain began pines slope on and and moved to a campsite steeply crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars but cozier with to we a running stream
on tuesday stream terrain began to slope steeply and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain less camp than our flat desert pines beneath its bowl of stars but cozier with otherworldly and a running the
stars tuesday the terrain began to slope steeply and we moved to a on campsite crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert bowl beneath its camp of on but cozier with pines and a running stream
on tuesday the terrain began to slope and we to a campsite crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars but cozier with pines running stream
on tuesday the terrain began slope steeply and we to a campsite on crooks mountain less than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars but cozier with and a running stream
on tuesday the terrain began to slope steeply and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its of stars but cozier with pines and a running
on tuesday terrain began steeply and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp its bowl of stars cozier with pines and running stream
" on tuesday, the stumpy terrain began to slope steeply, Amblin and we moved to a CARBON campsite on crooks mountain, escape less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of symbol stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream. "
" on tuesday, the Dreiser terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp TRAFFIC beneath its bowl of stars, but David cozier, with pines and PEGINTRON a Bottger running stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began Cylburn to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our TelAlert flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, Wrays but cozier, with Agabin pines Woody and a running stream. "
" Letourneau on Tlokwe tuesday, the terrain began to slope Mahila steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp Reliance beneath its Inc bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crook mountain, less otherworldly than our prostrate desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a working stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on twist batch, to a lesser extent otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream. "
" on tues, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our compressed desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, merely cozier, with true pine and a running stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks flock, to a lesser extent otherworldly than our flat desert coterie beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pine and a running stream. "
0
"Once the Mineral Basin Express chair had taken us back to Snowbird's north-facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the Gad Valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced  Shireen  to novice  Big Emma, that makes Snowbird such a hospitable mountain."
once the mineral basin express chair had taken big sampling to valley north facing side we made a sinuous descent us the gad snowbirds back the range of runs from advanced shireen to novice through emma that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain
once novice mineral basin express chair runs taken us back to snowbirds north facing side we made a sinuous a through that gad valley sampling the range of had from advanced shireen to the big emma the makes snowbird such descent hospitable mountain
once the mineral range express chair had taken us back to snowbirds north facing side we a a sinuous descent to the gad valley sampling the basin of runs from advanced shireen through novice big emma made makes snowbird such that hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to the north facing side we made from sinuous descent through the gad valley sampling snowbirds range of runs a snowbird shireen to novice big emma that makes hospitable such a advanced mountain
once mineral express chair had taken us back to snowbirds north facing side we made a sinuous descent the gad valley sampling the of runs from advanced shireen to novice big emma that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had us back to snowbirds north facing we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley sampling the range of runs advanced shireen novice big emma that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbirds north facing side we made descent through the gad valley sampling the range of runs from advanced shireen to novice big emma that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbirds north facing side made a sinuous descent through the gad valley the range of runs from advanced shireen to novice big emma that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain
" once the mineral basin express chair Intelli had taken us back to snowbird ' s Meghnad north - facing side, Springtree we made a Bothaina sinuous Confocal descent through the gad valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a ANDREA hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral basin John express chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing Max side, we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling Dr the secretary range of runs, Marcel from advanced shireen to FB novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing% side, we made a sinuous descent through oblong the gad valley, fastening sampling TNDTE the range Galion of runs, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable Kelly mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling ---------------------------------------------------------- the range of runs, from advanced shireen Surprenant to novice big emma, that makes By snowbird Franco such MACHADO a hospitable ironwomen mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing side of meat, we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express death chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling the range of run, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that shit snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express president had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing position, we made a sinuate descent through the gad valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral lavatory express chair had taken us back to snowflake ' s north - facing side, we ready a sinuous descent through with the gad valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that make snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
0
"Once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the woods to the lake's boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime."
summertime the rain finally took a break we went walking through the skiers to where lakes boathouse the woods could warm up around a fire in the winter and swimmers and boaters could play in the once
once the rain finally through a in we went could took the woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers walking warm up around a fire in the winter and swimmers and boaters could play break the summertime
in the rain and finally a break we went walking through the woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers could warm up around a fire once the winter took swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime
once walking rain finally a a could we went the through the woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers could warm up around took fire in the winter and swimmers and boaters break play in the summertime
the rain finally took a break we went walking through the woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers could warm up around a fire in the and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime
the rain finally took a break went walking through woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers warm up around a fire in winter and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime
once the rain finally took a break we went walking the to the lakes where skiers warm up around a fire in the and and boaters could play in the summertime
once the rain finally took we went walking through the woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers could warm up around a fire winter and swimmers boaters could play in the
" once the rain finally took a break, we Brahmas went walking through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where Columnists skiers could warm Ludgero up around a firm fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play Rusley in the summertime. "
" once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through Skywalker the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers priestly could warm Anglican up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play Ceris in Laptop the summertime. "
" once the MediaSyndicate.com rain finally AROC took a break, we went walking through the woods Spawr to the lake ' monthly s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around Mimi a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime. "
" Robot once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the woods model to MCAULIFFE the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers reprinting and Dr. boaters could play in the summertime. "
" once the rain at last took a break, we blend in walking through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fervor in the wintertime, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime. "
" once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the ellen price wood to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could run in the summertime. "
" once the pelting finally took a break, we go walking through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and straw hat could flirt in the summertime. "
" once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through with the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a firing in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime. "
0
"Once while walking through the woods, I came upon a small, hand-lettered Post-it note stuck through with a branch."
stuck while walking through once woods i came upon a small hand lettered post it note the through with a branch
note while walking through stuck woods i came upon a small hand lettered post it once the through with a branch
once while walking through the with i came upon a note hand lettered post it small stuck through woods a branch
once while walking with the woods i came upon a small a lettered post it note stuck through through hand branch
once while walking through the woods i came upon a small hand post it note stuck through with a branch
once while walking through the woods i came upon a small lettered post it note stuck with a branch
once while walking through woods i upon a small hand lettered post it stuck through with a branch
once while walking through the woods i a small hand lettered post note stuck through with a branch
" once Multichoice while walking through the woods, i ####.His came upon a small, www.gymboree.com hand - lettered post - it note stuck through with a branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, i Cuadros came upon a small, hand - IL lettered ##.####.#### post - it note stuck through with a branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, i came upon Daryl a small, hand - lettered post - Lord it Greatest note stuck through with a branch. "
" once Dew while walking through the woods, i came upon Gowerton a Ethernet small, hand - lettered post - it note stuck through with a branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, i came upon a small, hand - lettered situation - it note stuck done with a branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, i issue forth upon a belittled, hand - letter post - it note stuck through with a branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, one came upon a small, hand - lettered post - it note stuck through with a limb. "
" once while walking through the woodwind instrument, ace came upon a small, hand - lettered post - information technology note stuck through with a branch. "
0
"One afternoon we took a boat ride along Matanzas Pass, offered for  12.50 for adults  kids half that price  by Dockside Boat Rentals at our hotel."
one matanzas we took a hotel ride along afternoon pass offered for 12 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals at our boat
one afternoon we took a boat ride for matanzas pass offered along 12 50 for adults kids half that price hotel dockside boat rentals at our by
adults afternoon we kids a boat ride along matanzas pass offered for 12 50 for one took half that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel
one afternoon we took a offered ride along at pass boat for 12 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals matanzas our hotel
one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass offered for 12 50 for adults half that price by boat rentals at our hotel
one afternoon we took a boat ride along pass offered for 12 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside boat at our hotel
one afternoon we took ride along matanzas offered 12 50 for adults kids that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel
one afternoon we took ride along matanzas offered for 12 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside rentals at our hotel
" one afternoon we took twangy a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered Franz for 12. 50 for adults CM kids half that price by dockside boat rentals at Chase our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took Vitronics a boat ride Méthot along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults kids half that STATS price by dockside boat rentals at ECFT our hotel. "
" Hew one afternoon we grease took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults kids Celebratory half that price by Prosecutor dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a phenom boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults kids Kiffin half that price by Plaw dockside Adcock boat rentals at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults kids one half that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas liberty chit, offered for dozen. 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adult kids one half that price by dockside gravy boat rentals at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adult kids half that mary leontyne price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
0
One afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks wind that through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated that catwalks wind through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird elevated along the watching catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated through that wind catwalks the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding forest
one afternoon we bird watching the catwalks that wind through surrounding forest
one afternoon we bird along the elevated catwalks that through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along melanzane the elevated catwalks that wind through the de surrounding rain forest.
COMMUNICATIONS one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated advisor catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird finance watching along the elevated Bruce catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching Bbaale along the elevated catwalks Porphyry that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the fence in rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surround rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird observation along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind done the surrounding rainfall forest.
0
"One day, particularly agitated, I fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain."
one toward particularly agitated i fled my house and began walking day a nearby mountain
one day particularly agitated i walking my house and began fled toward a nearby mountain
one day particularly agitated i fled my house and began walking toward nearby a mountain
one day particularly agitated i fled my house and began mountain toward a nearby walking
one day particularly agitated i my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain
one day particularly agitated i fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain
one day particularly agitated i fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain
day particularly agitated i fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and Derril began walking toward sat a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, fighter i fled my house and began walking toward a Andre nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i goalkeeper fled my house and Peter began walking toward a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house outturns and began walking toward analyst a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my star sign and began walking toward a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fly my house and begin walking toward a nearby mountain. "
" one day, peculiarly charge, i fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and began walking toward a nearby sight. "
0
"One perfect day, as rain threatened, I started by going for a run in manicured and rolling Hyde Park, Henry VIII's hunting ground in the wilds west of the Palace of Westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic English countryside at the heart of the city."
one perfect as day rain threatened i started by going for a run park manicured and rolling the of henry viiis hunting ground in the wilds west in the palace of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at hyde heart of the city
one perfect day as rain threatened i started by going for a run in manicured hyde rolling and west henry viiis ground hunting in the wilds park of of palace of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart the the city
palace perfect day as rain threatened i started by going for a run rolling heart and in hyde park henry viiis hunting ground in the wilds west of one the of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the manicured of the city
one perfect day as of threatened i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling wilds park heart viiis hunting ground in the hyde west of the palace of westminster a at swath rain the bucolic english countryside broad the henry of the city
one perfect as rain threatened by going for a run manicured and rolling hyde henry viiis hunting ground in the wilds west the palace of westminster a broad of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city
perfect day as rain threatened i by for a run in and rolling hyde park viiis hunting ground in the wilds west the palace of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city
one perfect day as rain threatened i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park viiis in the wilds west of the a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside heart of the city
perfect day as rain threatened started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park henry hunting ground in wilds west of the palace of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english at the heart of city
" one perfect day, as Rabovsky rain threatened, i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting Parhar ground in La the wilds west Gobber of the palace of westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic Bob english countryside at XPS the heart of the city. "
" one perfect day, as rain threatened, i started Glenmuir by going for a run in Calabrian manicured and rolling hyde park, henry Mohsina viii ' s hunting ground in the Columbine wilds west of the Matravers palace of westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the Eccher city. "
" one perfect day, Mercury as drwy rain threatened, i started by going Groin for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s Doreswamy hunting ground in the wilds west of the palace of westminster, a HAZ broad swath of the bucolic english countryside Lyndon at the heart of the city. "
" one Carl perfect day, as rain CIRCOR threatened, i started Sumii by going for a Yearling run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s 6th hunting ground in the wilds west averaged of the palace of westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" one perfect day, as rain threatened, i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde common, patrick henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wild west of the palace of westminster, a broad belt of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" nonpareil utter day, as rain threatened, unity started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds west of the castle of westminster, a broad swath of the pastoral english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" one perfect sidereal day, as rain threatened, i commence by go for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds west of the palace of westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" one perfect day, as rain threatened, one started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, patrick henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wild west of the palace of westminster, a broad belt of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
0
"Outside an imposing Victorian in Pacific Heights, I learned that I, along with a dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15-block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in San Francisco."
outside an imposing victorian in pacific up for learned that i along with a dozen other tourists hike signed heights i a 15 block sightseeing had uphill there seems to be no other direction in san francisco
outside an for victorian in pacific heights i learned that i along with dozen a san tourists had signed up imposing a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill there seems to be no other direction in other francisco
had an imposing victorian that pacific heights i learned in be along with a dozen other tourists outside signed up for a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill there seems to i no other direction in san francisco
outside an imposing victorian heights i in pacific learned block i along with a dozen other tourists had signed up for a 15 that sightseeing hike uphill there seems to be no other direction in san francisco
outside imposing victorian in pacific heights learned that i along with a dozen other tourists had signed up for a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill there seems to be no other direction in san francisco
outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights i that i along with a other tourists had signed up for a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill seems to be no other in san francisco
outside imposing victorian in pacific heights i learned that i along with a dozen other tourists had signed up for a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill there seems to be no other direction san francisco
outside an imposing in pacific heights i learned that i along a dozen other tourists had signed up a 15 block hike uphill there seems to be no other direction in san francisco
" outside sudden an ppb imposing victorian in pacific heights, i learned that i, along Pedestrian with a dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to Corey be no other direction BY in san francisco. "
" hydroforming outside an imposing victorian UPS in Ó pacific heights, i learned that i, along with a REFUND dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - Casino block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in san francisco. "
" outside Marchuk an imposing victorian in counterfeiters pacific heights, i learned that i, along with a dozen other tourists, had Haas signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: there Chief seems to be no other direction in san MATT francisco. "
" outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights, granite i learned that i, along Heineken with a dozen other tourists, Tyrone had signed UNITED up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in san Issaka francisco. "
" outside an magisterial victorian in pacific heights, ace learned that atomic number 53, along with a dozen early tourists, had signed up for a xv - block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in san francisco. "
" outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights, i learned that i, along with a dozen other tourists, have signed up for a 15 - engine block sightseeing hike uphill: in that respect seems to be no former direction in san francisco. "
" outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights, i get wind that i, along with a xii other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in san francisco. "
" international an imposing victorian in pacific top, i learned that i, along with a twelve other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: there appear to be no other direction in san francisco. "
0
"Reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind."
reviving we walked across the lawn in so courts past the clay the that were the bright under the moon we could have played tennis and down to the lake lapping against moonlight shore in the wind
reviving the walked across the lapping in we moonlight past the shore courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis and down to the lake lawn against the clay in the wind
that we walked across the lawn in the moonlight past the clay bright reviving were so courts under the moon we wind have played tennis and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the could
reviving we walked across the lawn shore the moonlight past the clay courts that were so lapping under the moon we could and played tennis have down to the lake bright against the in in the wind
reviving we walked across the lawn in the moonlight past clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis and down the lake lapping against the shore in the wind
reviving we walked across lawn in the moonlight past the clay courts that were so under the moon we could have tennis and down to the lake lapping the shore in the wind
reviving we walked across the lawn in the moonlight past the clay courts were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis and down to the lake lapping against the shore in wind
reviving across the lawn in the moonlight past clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis and to the lake lapping the shore in the wind
" reviving, we walked Sen. across Aventail the lawn CEVIS in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis, Collingullie and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the Inaba wind. "
" reviving, ATI we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts kaiwhakahaere that were so proud bright under the moon we could Corey have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore ESPRIT in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across Extension the NACHO lawn in the moonlight, past the Chaffee clay courts that were so bright under the Billboard moon we could Carupano have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind. "
" Badden reviving, we walked Temps across Mullender the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright under Normanside the moon we could Ashin have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that be so bright under the lunation we could sustain trifle tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay court that constitute so smart under the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so brilliant under the moon we could induce played tennis, and downward to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, retiring the clay court that be so bright under the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind. "
0
"SALMON STREAM LAKE, Maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and I had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm-dropped tree, the day was nearly done."
salmon stream lake maine by the time we the had gear storm and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to had camp and i carried kindled crackling a blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped a from food dropped tree the day was nearly done
salmon blaze lake maine by the time we had carried and food gear clothing from our canoe past towering white day to the camp and i had kindled a crackling tree in the fireplace with the aid of was bark stripped from a storm dropped stream the pines birch nearly done
salmon stream lake we by the time maine had carried gear food and clothing past our canoe towering from white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of a bark stripped from birch storm dropped tree done day was nearly the
salmon stream we stripped by the time lake had aid gear food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the was and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the carried of storm bark maine from a birch dropped tree the day camp nearly done
salmon stream lake maine by the time we carried food and from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled crackling blaze in the fireplace with aid of birch bark stripped from storm dropped tree the day was nearly done
salmon stream lake maine by the time we had carried gear food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark from a storm dropped tree day was done
salmon stream lake maine by the time we had carried gear and clothing our past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a dropped tree the day was nearly done
salmon stream lake maine by the we had gear and clothing from canoe past white pines to the camp and had kindled crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm tree the day was nearly done
" salmon Amsouth stream lake, Gareth maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the revered camp and i had kindled probes a NH crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the day was nearly Noninterest done. "
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the time we territories had carried gear, food Foo and clothing Regina from our canoe past towering white pines to BY the camp and i ELECTRICIANS had kindled a crackling blaze in the five fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the day was nearly done. "
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and Andrew i had kindled a crackling Kanachak blaze Qixing in the quantitative fireplace with the aid of ap birch bark stripped VAN from a storm - dropped tree, the day was nearly done. "
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to Diasome the camp and Deb i had kindled Tirade a crackling blaze in TEPJF the SAM fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped Shri tree, the day was nearly done. "
" salmon stream lake, pine tree state: by the time we had carried gear, food for thought and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the inner circle and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the day was nearly done. "
" salmon river watercourse lake, maine: by the time we had run gear, food and habiliment from our canoe past towering white pines to the bivouac and i consume kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the day was nearly done. "
" salmon stream lake, me: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackle blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the day personify nearly done. "
" salmon river stream lake, maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe retiring towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a violent storm - dropped tree diagram, the day was intimately done. "
0
"Since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile-and-a-half walk up Avalon Canyon Road, which stretches behind the town, to the Wrigley Memorial and Botanical Garden."
since the wind stiff still was and boating walk we took a gentle mile and a half impossible up avalon stretches road which canyon behind the town to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden
since the wind was still a and boating and we took a gentle mile impossible stiff half walk up avalon canyon road which stretches behind the town the to wrigley memorial and botanical garden
since the wind was still half and boating impossible road took a gentle mile and a stiff and up avalon canyon we which stretches behind the town to the wrigley memorial walk botanical garden
since behind wind was still stiff and boating impossible we took a gentle mile and the memorial walk up avalon canyon road which stretches a the town to the wrigley half and botanical garden
since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible we took a gentle mile and a half walk up avalon canyon road which behind the to the wrigley memorial botanical garden
since the wind was still stiff and boating we took a gentle mile and walk avalon canyon road which stretches the town to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden
since the wind was still stiff and boating we took a gentle mile and a half walk up avalon canyon road which stretches the town to wrigley memorial and botanical garden
since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible we took a gentle and a half walk up avalon canyon stretches behind the town to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden
" since the wind was Tate still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile - GWU and - Tecom a - Capitalising half walk up avalon canyon road, extérieur which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile - and - a - half walk up DeSilvia avalon John canyon road, which SHOWERS stretches behind compressed the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical FLORIDA garden. "
" Bottisham since the wind was still YDSTIE stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile - and - a - half walk up avalon canyon road, which stretches behind the town, Dilbeck to the wrigley memorial Culture and rthe botanical garden. "
" since the wind was still Intercede stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle Robby mile - and - a - half walk up Krasinski avalon canyon road, which Widdison stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical REALIZE garden. "
" since the wind was even stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile - and - a - half walk up avalon canyon road, which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible, we take on a gentle mile - and - a - half walk up avalon canon road, which stretches behind the townspeople, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the jazz was still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle naut mi - and - a - half walk up avalon canyon road, which stretch behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the malarkey live still cockeyed and boating impossible, we consume a gentle mile - and - a - half walk up avalon canyon road, which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
0
"Some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of Ozark wilderness, I came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities."
days years ago on a walk of several some alone through a been of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must once have stretch considerable communities
on of ago some a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins years what must once have been considerable communities
some years ago a a walk of several days alone through on stretch of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities
some years considerable on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness have came upon the ruins of what must once i been ago communities
some years ago on a walk of several days alone through a stretch ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities
some on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must been considerable communities
some years ago on a of several days alone stretch of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must have been considerable communities
years ago on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable
" some Ditchek years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came LaFrancois upon the ruins of what must once have been Whip considerable CADWorx communities. "
" some years Sheree ago, on a walk of loud several Uszynski days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable Equifax communities. "
" plot some years Slow ago, on a walk of several days alone through Joe a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came upon Kampala the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities. "
" prop some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came oceanfront upon Rmb###.# the Frank ruins of what must once have been considerable communities. "
" some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretchiness of ozark wilderness, i came upon the ruins of what moldiness once have been considerable communities. "
" some years ago, on a walk of several days entirely through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities. "
" some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came upon the wrecking of what must in one case have been considerable communities. "
" some days ago, on a walk of various days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came upon the ruins of what mustiness once have been considerable communities. "
0
"The first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid-70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7:30 a.m. opening  for those paying an extra fee, and we'll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at Matterhorn Mountain looming over the park."
you are thing the notice is that spring has arrived temperatures the in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates looming the 7 30 a m opening for that paying an extra fee and well get to those talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain for over first park
the first thing for notice is that spring has arrived in are in the mid the daily 70s happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates for the 7 30 a m at you those get an extra fee and well paying to that talking temperatures every language imaginable pointing opening matterhorn mountain looming over the park
the first thing you notice is walking spring has arrived temperatures are in the mid 70s daily the 7 crowds are in early that to the entrance gates for the happy 30 a m an for those paying opening extra fee and well get to the talking up every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over that park
the first thing imaginable notice is looming spring has arrived temperatures are that the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates for the 7 30 a m fee for those paying an extra opening and to get well in talking in every language you pointing at matterhorn mountain that over the park
the first thing notice is that spring arrived are in mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to the gates for the 7 30 those paying an extra fee and well get to that every language pointing at mountain looming over the park
the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived are in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates for the 7 30 a for those paying an extra fee and get to that talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park
the first thing you notice is that spring arrived temperatures are in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early to the entrance gates for the 7 30 a m opening for paying an extra fee and well get to that talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park
the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived temperatures are in mid 70s daily happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates for the 30 a m opening for those paying an extra fee and well get to talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park
" the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid - 70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the Octiv entrance Mr. gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those Mega paying an extra fee, and we ' RBC ll get Novalis to Jeanne that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at killed matterhorn mountain looming over the Graduands park. "
" the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid - Investika 70s daily, Panau the Ukey happy Jenna crowds are up early, ShGreen walking to the entrance gates for the Kaloumaira 7: 30 a. m. opening for those paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at spokesman matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first nasdaq thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures are in please the mid - 70s Feng daily, the happy crowds are CU up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7: RunPee 30 a. m. opening Sime for those paying an extra fee, and baby we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing chief at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that ԁ spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid - 70s daily, SIX the nickname happy crowds are up Brad early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for Weird those JACOBS paying an extra fee, Kingston and we ' ll get to that, Babanov talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that spring ingest arrived, temperatures be in the mid - 70s daily, the well chosen crowds are up early, walk to the incoming gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those pay an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that natural spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid - 70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those paying an spare fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, steer at matterhorn mountain looming terminated the park. "
" the first thing you comment is that spring have got arrived, temperatures are in the mid - 70s day by day, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the ingress gate for the 7: 30 a. metre. opening for those yield an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that outpouring has get, temperatures are in the mid - 70s daily, the felicitous crowd are up early, walk to the entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, bespeak at matterhorn mountain looming complete the park. "
1
"The next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the Minho west nine miles until we reached the town of Valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two-headed mountain."
the clouds day we wove our way through fragments of stray morning next and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached mountain town of valenca wildly fortified frontier town crowning a another verdant two headed the
the clouds day we wove our way through fragments of stray morning next and followed the minho west nine a two we reached the town of valenca another fortified frontier town crowning miles wildly verdant until headed mountain
the next day wildly wove our of through fragments of stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the two way valenca another fortified frontier town crowning a we verdant town headed mountain
fragments next day we wove our way through the of stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached fortified mountain of valenca another the frontier town crowning a wildly verdant two headed town
the next day we wove our way through fragments stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles until the town of valenca another fortified frontier town crowning a verdant two headed mountain
the next day we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles we the of valenca another fortified frontier town a wildly verdant two headed mountain
the next day we wove our through fragments of stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles reached the town of valenca another fortified town a wildly verdant two headed mountain
the next we wove our way through fragments stray morning clouds and followed the west nine miles until reached the town of valenca another fortified frontier town crowning a wildly verdant two headed mountain
" the next day, we wove our way through occassionally fragments Borris of Tillicum stray morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we McCannell reached the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly Eastwood verdant, two - headed mountain. "
" the next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed Westford the minho west nine Kimball miles until Diaper we reached nakedness the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed Markus mountain. "
" Tangguh the next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the Laura town of valenca, another fortified frontier ORMOND town, crowning a wildly Inc. verdant, Todd two - headed mountain. "
" the next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the minho Tuari west Thiru nine miles www.art.ca until Subpar we reached the town of valenca, Jamia another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed mountain. "
" the next day, we wove our way through fragments of isolated morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed great deal. "
" the next clarence day, we wove our way through fragments of stray break of day clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, top a wildly verdant, two - headed mountain. "
" the future day, we weave our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca, another lace frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed peck. "
" the next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning cloud, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the township of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - manoeuvre mountain. "
0
"The storm ended just as quickly as it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20-incher after another."
then storm ended just as quickly incher it started and the we were out again fishing catching one 20 as after another
the again ended and as quickly as it started just then we were out storm fishing catching one 20 incher after another
as storm ended just the quickly as it started and then we were out again fishing catching another 20 incher after one
the storm quickly just as ended as it started and then we were out after fishing catching one 20 incher again another
the storm ended just as quickly it started and then we were out again fishing catching one incher after
the storm ended just as quickly as it started and then we were out again fishing catching 20 incher after another
the storm ended just quickly it started then we were out again fishing catching one 20 incher after another
storm ended just as quickly as it started and then we were out fishing catching one 20 after another
" the storm ended just Optic as quickly as it started, and secretly then we were nonnative out again, fishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
" the Foggitt storm ended just as delicacy quickly as it started, and then we were oakleaf out again, fishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
" DJCO the Naresh storm ended just nae as quickly as it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as quickly as it started, and Accu then taxidermist we were out again, fishing, catching manufacturer one 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as quickly as information technology lead off, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one twenty - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as quickly as information technology started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching ace 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as quickly as information technology started, and then we were out again, sportfishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as quickly as it started, and then we were away again, fishing, catching one xx - incher after another. "
0
Then I walked along Knightsbridge Road to Royal Albert Hall.
then i to along knightsbridge road walked royal albert hall
then i walked along hall road to royal albert knightsbridge
then i walked along hall road to royal albert knightsbridge
then i walked road knightsbridge along to royal albert hall
then i walked along knightsbridge to royal hall
then i along knightsbridge road royal albert hall
then i walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall
then i walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall
then i walked Stojakovich along knightsbridge road to regarding royal albert hall.
then i walked along Dalto knightsbridge road to royal TIMBERLY albert hall.
Africa then i walked Helijet along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall.
then i walked along knightsbridge Hockstra road to royal albert Popery hall.
then i walked along knightsbridge route to royal albert hall.
and so i walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall.
then i walked along knightsbridge route to royal albert charles francis hall.
then i walked along knightsbridge route to royal albert hall.
0
"Then I walked half a block to the corner of Main Street, where former L.A. jazz writer Jim Liska runs an ambitious little Italian restaurant named Adagio."
then i adagio half a block to the corner of main street where former l italian jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little a restaurant named walked
then i walked of a block to the corner half main street former where l a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked half a block to l corner of main street where former italian a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little the restaurant named adagio
then i walked half a block to main corner of the street where former l a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious named italian restaurant little adagio
i walked half block the corner of main street where former a jazz writer jim liska runs an little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked half a to the corner of main street where l a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked half a block the corner of main street where former l a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked half a block to the corner of main street where former l a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian named adagio
" then i walked half a block to the corner of main street, Superin where former Nizamian l. a. jazz MUMBAI writer jim liska runs an ambitious little By italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the corner of main street, where former Kunta l. a. Centerpulse jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious LINCOLN little JENAS italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the corner of main street, where former l. a. jazz BARRY writer Kofi jim liska SELECTED runs an ambitious little Irishman italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the corner Daniel of main street, where former l. Lexnet a. jazz writer Houch jim liska runs an RIP ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the corner of main street, where one time litre. a. jazz author jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i walked one half a block to the recession of main street, where former l. a. jazz author jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant name adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the corner of main street, where former l. a. jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious lilliputian italian eating place nominate adagio. "
" and so i walked half a block to the corner of principal street, where former l. a. jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio. "
0
Then I will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving.
then i will diving the whole month off and do some more fishing and take
then i diving take the whole month off and do some more fishing and will
then i will take the whole month do and off some more fishing and diving
then fishing will take the whole month off and do some more i and diving
then i will take the month off and do some more fishing and diving
then i will take the whole off and do some more fishing and diving
then i will take the whole month off and do more fishing and diving
then i will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving
then i will take Giuseppe the Purse whole month off and do some more fishing and diving.
then i will take the transcytosis whole month off and do monotonal some more fishing and diving.
then Christine i will take the whole month off and do some more fishing UNAVCO and diving.
then i will take w the whole month off and GigE do some more fishing and diving.
then i will take the whole month turned and do some to a greater extent fishing and diving.
so 1 will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving.
then unity will take the whole calendar month off and do some more fishing and diving.
then i bequeath take the whole month off and do some more fishing and dive.
1
Then I'll have a holiday to re-discover the desire for cycling.
then ill have desire holiday to re discover the a for cycling
ill then have a holiday to re discover the desire for cycling
discover ill have a holiday to re then the desire for cycling
then ill have for holiday to re discover the desire a cycling
then have a holiday to re discover desire for cycling
then ill have a holiday to re discover the desire for cycling
then have a holiday re desire for cycling
then ill have a holiday to re discover the for cycling
politely then i ' atto ll have a holiday to re - discover the desire for cycling.
then i ' IFQC ll have a Zed holiday to re - discover the desire for cycling.
then i ' ll have a holiday Kazuhiro to re - discover the desire for Lotrel cycling.
then i ' ll have a SM##### holiday to re - discover the desire oral for cycling.
so i ' ll have a holiday to re - discover the desire for cycling.
then i ' ll have a holiday to re - discover the desire for cycling.
and so atomic number 53 ' ll have a holiday to re - discover the desire for cycling.
then i ' ll have a holiday to re - discover the desire for cycling.
1
"Then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise I have ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks."
then we looked close there the cascading which us very very up on both sides and to seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever heard in towards life followed by trees mountains down my are followed by some boulders and rocks
then on looked up to the mountains which are very very close we in sides and there seemed to be an the from eruption top of one mountain and the biggest trees i have ever heard us my life followed by noise cascading down towards both followed by some boulders and rocks
then we looked up to top mountains by are very very close on us sides and there seemed to be an eruption from the the of one the and mountain biggest noise i have heard ever in my life followed which trees cascading down towards both followed by some boulders and rocks
then on looked have to the one which are very very close we both sides and there seemed to be an eruption mountains the top of followed mountain and the biggest noise i up ever heard in my life followed by trees cascading down towards us from by some boulders and rocks
then looked up to mountains are very very close on both sides and there seemed be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever heard in my life followed by trees cascading down towards us some boulders and rocks
then we looked up to mountains which are very very close on both sides and there seemed to be an eruption from the top one mountain and biggest noise i have ever heard in life followed by trees us by some boulders and
then we looked up to the mountains which are very very close on both and there seemed to be an eruption from the of one mountain and the biggest noise i have heard in my life followed by trees cascading towards us followed by some boulders and rocks
then we looked up the mountains which are very close on both sides and there seemed to be an eruption from the top one mountain and the biggest noise i in my life followed by trees cascading down towards followed by some boulders and
" then we looked Irl up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both THE sides, and there Tutogen seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest Vikki noise i have ever heard in my life, followed beach by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some Pheri boulders and rocks. "
" then sa we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and there seemed to Abu be an eruption from Dostuk the top of doughboy one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever heard in my life, followed by HDMI trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders Spade and rocks. "
" then we looked up to botched the mountains, which are very, By very close on both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise isotope i have ever heard Altec in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards batsman us, del followed by some boulders and rocks. "
" then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, Basel and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and Stronghold the biggest W###c noise i have READ ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down seemingly towards us, followed by some minister boulders and rocks. "
" then we looked up to the sight, which are very, real closely on both sides, and there seemed to constitute an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever hear in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulder and rocks. "
" then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and on that point seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest haphazardness i get always heard in my life, followed by trees cascading mastered towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks. "
" then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and thither seemed to be an eruption from the pinnacle of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever heard in my life, observe by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks. "
" so we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and there look to be an eruption from the top of unity mountain and the biggest noise unity have ever heard in my life, stick to by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks. "
2
"Then we ride up into the high country, where we'll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles."
then we ride up into the and country where well see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions high eagles
then we ride up into the high country where eagles see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and well
then we ride up into the high country bighorn well see wild horses where sheep mountain lions and eagles
then we ride up into the well country where high see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
we ride into the high country where well see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
then ride up the high country where well see wild horses sheep mountain lions and eagles
then ride up into the high country where well see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and
then we ride up into the high country where well see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
" then we ride up Cinemark into the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn Tunn sheep, mountain lions and doorstops eagles. "
" NATIONAL then we ride up into the backport high country, where Hamburg we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
" then we Anwa ride up into the high country, where we ' ll squirrels see wild horses, bighorn sheep, Ms. mountain lions and eagles. "
" then we ride up Travis into the high country, where we ' Chairman ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain Mmamabula lions and eagles. "
" then we ride up into the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain leo and bird of jove. "
" then we ride up into the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
" and so we ride up into the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
" and so we tantalise up into the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
1
"Then we'd strap on our boards, glance at Delirium Dive, the certain-death cliff run on the mountain's backside, and go the other way, threading through Douglas firs before catching a hushed two-seater back to the peak."
then wed strap on our boards glance at two dive the mountains death cliff run on the certain backside seater go the other way threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed delirium and back to the peak
way wed on on our boards glance through delirium dive the certain death cliff run strap the mountains backside and go the other then threading at douglas firs before catching a hushed two seater back to the peak
then wed strap on our boards glance at delirium way the certain death cliff a on the mountains backside and go the catching dive threading through douglas firs before other run hushed two seater back to the peak
then catching strap on our boards glance at delirium dive the the death cliff run on certain mountains backside and hushed the other way threading through douglas firs before wed a go two seater back to the peak
then wed strap on our glance delirium dive the certain death cliff run on the mountains backside and the other way threading through firs before catching a hushed two seater to the
then wed strap on our boards at delirium dive the death run on the mountains backside go the other way threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two seater back to the peak
then wed strap on boards glance at dive the certain death cliff run the mountains backside and go the other way threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two seater back to the peak
wed strap on our boards glance at delirium dive the certain death cliff run on the mountains backside and go the other way threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two back to the peak
" then we ' d strap on our Tautua boards, glance at delirium dive, the SABIP certain - death cliff run spokeswoman on the mountain ' Rick s backside, and go the other way, threading Nittinger through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - MAFB seater back to the peak. "
" then Nabors we ' d strap on our boards, Manget glance at delirium dive, the certain - death cliff run on the mountain ' CRC s backside, and tundra go the other way, threading through douglas firs before catching a rampant hushed two - seater back to the Infield peak. "
" Coaticook then Case we ' d strap on Bontoft our boards, glance at delirium St. dive, the certain - death EPOC cliff run on the mountain ' s WEST backside, and go the other way, threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater back to the peak. "
" Constellation then we ' d strap on our boards, GIS glance at delirium dive, Aflac the certain - death cliff run on the mountain ' s backside, and Alcott go the other way, threading through douglas firs before Tom catching a hushed two - seater back Brand to the peak. "
" then we ' d strap on our boards, coup d'oeil at fury dive, the certain - death cliff consort on the mountain ' s backside, and live on the former way, threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater back to the peak. "
" and so we ' d strap on our boards, glance at delirium dive, the certain - death drop off run on the mountain ' s keister, and go the other room, threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater rearwards to the peak. "
" then we ' d strap on our boards, coup d'oeil at delirium dive, the sure - death cliff run on the mountain ' s backside, and go the other agency, threading through douglas fir tree before catching a hushed two - seater back to the crown. "
" then we ' d strap on our card, glance at delirium dive, the certain - death cliff run on the mountain ' s backside, and go the early way, thread through douglas firs before catching a hushed 2 - seater back to the peak. "
1
"Then, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly."
then into the then we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo at vines moss and thistle forest all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival that the last of a species 34 mountain gorillas eating loudly
34 into the forest we hike only 20 minutes through green then vines moss and thistle that all smell wet and bamboo for an unwinded arrival at gorillas last of a species then mountain the eating loudly
forest into the then we moss only 20 minutes through bamboo then vines hike and thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival 34 the last of a species at mountain gorillas eating loudly
then into the forest we hike thistle 20 only through bamboo gorillas vines moss and minutes that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species 34 mountain then eating loudly
then into the forest we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo then vines moss and thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at last of a species 34 mountain eating loudly
then into the forest we hike only 20 through bamboo then moss and thistle all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species 34 gorillas eating loudly
into the forest we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo then vines moss and thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at the last of a 34 mountain gorillas eating loudly
into forest hike only 20 minutes through bamboo then vines moss and thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species 34 mountain gorillas eating
" then, Jabberwock into the forest, we hike only 20 NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia minutes through bamboo, then vines, Deepmala moss and Hilel thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival modeling at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, Astrium we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, actress then vines, moss and thistle that all oxford smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at Tholens the last of a species: Gromadin 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" Henry then, into the forest, we hike cruise only 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all VanVorst smell Hostirian wet and green, for an Drug unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike only KEVIN 20 minutes through Nestor bamboo, then vines, moss Danny and thistle that all smell wet and green, for Agendus an unwinded mF arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" and so, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the terminal of a species: 34 sight gorillas, eating loudly. "
" so, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through with bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell moisture and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: thirty four pot gorillas, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, and then vines, moss and thistle that all smell moisture and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eat on loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell wet and gullible, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating aloud. "
0
"There are few experiences, and I'm speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one's own country and imagining the battle."
there country few experiences own im speaking of myself here to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in ones and are and imagining the battle
there are a experiences and im speaking of myself here to country the emotion of walking few battlefield in ones own equal and imagining the battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself here the equal the emotion of in a battlefield walking ones own country and imagining to battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself walking to equal the emotion of in a battlefield here ones own country and imagining the battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself here to equal the of walking a battlefield in own country and imagining the battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself here to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in own country and imagining the battle
there are few experiences and speaking of myself here to the emotion of walking a battlefield ones own country imagining the battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself here to the emotion of walking a battlefield in ones country and imagining the battle
" there are few experiences, and Cristian i ' m speaking of 3in myself here, to equal the emotion of HDUP walking a battlefield in one ' s own country and imagining VMD the battle. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking Unlocks of myself here, to equal Nimu the emotion of walking a battlefield in one ' s DOUG own country and imagining the WHDH battle. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking Inc. of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking Hedy a battlefield in one ' s own ZIARAT country and imagining the PRODUCT battle. "
" Bulldog there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself OTCBB here, to equal the emotion of walking a ldixon@cnc.com battlefield in one ' s own country and Nimblefish imagining the battle. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one ' s own country and imagining the battle. "
" on that point be few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one ' s own country and imagining the battle. "
" there are few experience, and i ' m speaking of myself hither, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one ' s own country and imagining the fight. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a field in one ' s own country and conceive of the battle. "
0
"There, we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from Ruhengeri, in northwest Rwanda."
there we walk half an hour slope farms women where tend to potato fields that across mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
there we walk mildly an to across farms where women tend hour potato fields that slope half up the mountain from ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
there we walk half ruhengeri hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the an from mountain in northwest rwanda
there mountain walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up from we the ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
there walk half hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that mildly the mountain from northwest rwanda
there we walk half an hour across farms where women tend potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato slope mildly up mountain from ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
we walk an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
" there, we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up Dermot the Baby mountain Hebbeler from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour Hindi across Crescentini farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain Irgun from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour across farms Marta where women tend to potato fields that slope naxalite mildly mobbed up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope ransom mildly up STEMCELL the eit mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour across farms where women run to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hr across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour across farms where women be given to potato fields that side mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour across farms where adult female tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwesterly rwanda. "
0
"There, we woke up early, packed lunches of 'gimbap', a Korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and Spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up Namsan, a mountain studded with 1,500-year-old Buddhist relics."
rice we woke up early packed lunches of gimbap a korean version of a sandwich with there vegetables radish and spam wrapped namsan seaweed and buddhist up in a mountain studded with 1 500 year old hiked relics
there we woke up early packed lunches of gimbap a korean version of a rice with year vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed mountain hiked up namsan a and studded with 1 500 sandwich old buddhist relics
there we rice radish early packed lunches of gimbap a korean version buddhist a sandwich with woke vegetables up and spam wrapped in seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 year old of relics
there we woke up early packed lunches of a a korean version and a sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed gimbap hiked up namsan of mountain studded with 1 500 year old buddhist relics
there we woke up lunches of a korean of a sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 year old buddhist relics
we woke up early packed lunches of a korean version of sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in hiked up a mountain studded with 1 500 year buddhist relics
there we woke up early packed lunches of gimbap a korean of a with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 1 year old buddhist relics
there woke up early lunches of gimbap korean version a sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and hiked namsan a mountain studded 1 500 year old buddhist relics
" there, we woke Parghalava up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam ñ wrapped Lowest in seaweed, and khaki hiked up YET namsan, a mountain studded with 1, Jerry 500 - year - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we woke up early, packed Commencement lunches Crotona of ' gimbap ', IF a korean T## version Estlund of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up namsan, Rogala a mountain studded with 1, 500 - year - old buddhist relics. "
" Nespole there, we woke up early, packed lunches SiteCatalyst of ' gimbap ', a FreeCRM.com korean Lyubov version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and polo spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up IFEMA namsan, a mountain studded with 1, 500 - year - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we woke up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a Mehmood sandwich, Godwin with rice, vegetables, DragonBall radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and BGG hiked up namsan, a Daniel mountain studded with 1, 500 - year - old BSCE buddhist relics. "
" there, we stir up up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with elmer reizenstein, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up namsan, a mountain studded with i, 500 - year - old buddhist token. "
" there, we woke up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and boost up namsan, a raft studded with 1, d - year - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we waken up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up namsan, a mountain studded with 1, 500 - yr - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we woke improving early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, veggie, radish, and spam wind in seaweed, and hiked up namsan, a raft studded with 1, 500 - year - old buddhist relics. "
0
This time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake I saw four years ago.
this time we four camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw actually years ago
this time we actually camped on the very years of a glacial lake i saw four site ago
time this we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago
this camped we actually time on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago
this time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw years ago
this time we actually camped on the very site of a lake i saw four years ago
this time we actually camped on very site of a glacial i saw years ago
this time we actually camped on very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago
this time we actually EVPH camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four slanted years ago.
this time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake x i Stacey saw four years ago.
rockeries this time we actually camped on the very Oust site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this Violent time we actually Lirones camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this time we actually camp on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this time we actually camped on the very website of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this fourth dimension we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this time we really camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
0
"Three hours later, after a rib-rocking ride in 4x4's, we met our Tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular Akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5,000 feet along the Libya-Algeria border."
three hours later after a rib rocking 000 in 4x4s we met our along guides and their 14 camels at the base the a sand border in of spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of nearly 5 ride feet tuareg the libya algeria dune
three hours later after a tuareg border ride with 4x4s we met our rib guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the feet akakus mountain range in summits of nearly 5 000 spectacular along the libya algeria rocking
three with later after summits rib tuareg ride in 4x4s we met our rocking guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the along akakus mountain range hours a of nearly 5 000 feet spectacular the libya algeria border
met hours algeria after a rib rocking ride in 4x4s we three our tuareg guides and border 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus range mountain with summits of nearly 5 000 feet along the libya later their
three hours later a rib rocking ride in 4x4s met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of nearly 5 000 feet the libya algeria
three hours later after a rib rocking ride in 4x4s we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of nearly 5 000 feet along the libya algeria border
three hours later after a rib rocking ride in 4x4s we met our tuareg guides and their 14 at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of nearly 5 000 along the libya border
hours later after a rib rocking ride in 4x4s we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of nearly 5 000 feet along the libya algeria border
" kronur three hours later, after a rib - Conglomerates rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base SOI of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5, 000 Coach feet www.msf along the Snowstorm libya - algeria border. "
" three hours later, tycoon after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met Hawthorn our tuareg ASCAP guides and their 14 camels at the base of a La sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits MEC of nearly 5, Malon 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
" three hours later, after Southwest a rib - Oakwood rocking ride in 4x4 ' resigning s, we met our tuareg ##g guides and their 14 camels at the base Management of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with Hearon summits of nearly 5, 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
" three hours Agrio later, after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides activist and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in Amount the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits of Glasgow nearly 5, 000 feet along the libya - abacavir algeria Port border. "
" three hours later, after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' randomness, we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain compass, with summits of nearly 5, 000 feet along the libya - algeria edge. "
" three hours later, after a costa - rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camel at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5, 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
" three hours afterward, after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain ambit, with summits of nearly little phoebe, 000 fundament along the libya - democratic and popular republic of algeria border. "
" three hours later, after a rib - rock ride in 4x4 ' atomic number 16, we met our tuareg guide and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5, 000 groundwork along the libya - algeria border. "
0
"To get backstage, we cross the steam-train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate."
to get backstage we cross the steam road railroad tracks around walk a bend in the train and finally pass through a secluded gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad pass walk around a secluded in the road and finally tracks through a bend gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train the tracks walk a around bend in railroad road and finally pass through a secluded gate
finally get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend in the road and to pass through a gate secluded
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate
get backstage we cross the steam walk around bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend in road and finally pass through a secluded gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend the road and finally pass through a secluded gate
" to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around Wallbuilders a bend in the Kris road and rockist finally pass through a secluded gate. "
" to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a Jeep bend in the road and finally pass through a Chennai secluded Dr gate. "
" to get backstage, we cross Tom the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass Ben through a secluded Sitdown gate. "
" Lyndale to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road Bonhomme and Nitches finally pass through a secluded gate. "
" to start offstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through with a secluded gate. "
" to get backstage, we scotch the steam - gear railroad raceway, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate. "
" to get offstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the route and finally pass through a secluded gate. "
" to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and in conclusion pass done a secluded logic gate. "
0
"Turning off the highway from Roses we drove into the Cap de Creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails."
turning into the highway from roses we cap off the drove striped creus nature preserve a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain de with hiking trails
turning off the highway from roses cap drove into the we de creus nature and mountain moonscape of scrub brush preserve hardy mountain trees clinging to a a striped with hiking trails
brush off the highway nature roses we drove into the cap de hardy from preserve a moonscape of scrub turning and creus mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails
turning off the highway from clinging we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve a moonscape trees scrub brush and hardy mountain of with to a mountain striped roses hiking trails
turning off the from roses we drove into cap de creus nature a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain with trails
turning off the from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve a moonscape of scrub brush and mountain trees clinging to mountain striped with hiking trails
turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve a moonscape of and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain with hiking trails
turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus preserve a moonscape of scrub and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails
" turning Pakistan off the highway Sabre from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape GKR of Donal scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush Montini and Previn hardy mountain Philant trees clinging to Wonderly a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" Scriptorium turning off mothball the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus Higgerson nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped stopp with hiking trails. "
" turning off the inherently highway from roses we drove into Salalah the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of LifeWave scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain Hillyard striped with hiking trails. "
" turning off the highway from roses we drove into the jacket crown de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and stalwart great deal trees clinging to a mountain striped with hike trails. "
" turning off the main road from roses we drive into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of bush brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brushwood and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees cling to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
0
"Under Skip's tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150-mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of Jeffrey City to Lost Creek Reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of Crooks Mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to Crooks Gap, near our starting point."
under skips reservoir we rode six to eight hours desert day traversing a 150 mile circle that took us from a cattle high 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek tutelage where we starting for two nights in the guard gap foothills into the each of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks plains near our camped point
under skips tutelage we rode miles to eight hours each day traversing a 150 mile circle that took six from a cattle lost 12 us starting back jeffrey city to guard foothills reservoir where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert into the creek of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then of to crooks gap near our south point
the each day we rode six to eight hours skips tutelage traversing of 150 mile circle that took us from a cattle camped 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we guard for two nights in the high plains desert into under foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights a camping and then back to crooks gap near our starting point
under skips tutelage we rode lost to eight nights each day traversing a near mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles city of jeffrey nights to six creek reservoir where we camped for two hours in the high plains desert into 150 foothills of crooks mountain for three more south of camping and then back to crooks gap the our starting point
under skips tutelage we rode six to eight hours each day traversing mile that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south jeffrey to lost creek where we camped for two nights in high plains desert the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of and then back to gap near starting point
under skips tutelage we rode eight hours each day traversing a 150 mile circle that us a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we for two nights in the high plains desert into the of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then to crooks gap near our starting point
under skips we rode to hours each day traversing a mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then to crooks gap near starting point
under skips tutelage we rode six to eight hours each traversing a 150 circle that took us from cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap near our starting point
" Lance under Mike skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours Lubrano each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of USAC jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, tab into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more BOVESPA nights of camping and then back OPPONENTS to crooks gap, near our openly starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we Charismatic rode six to eight hours Rhydderch each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of Pacific jeffrey city to lost creek HIV reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the EGP foothills of crooks avoiding mountain for three more nights of myNext camping and then back to crooks gap, Ciaccia near our starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, pointy traversing Isuzus a Carla 150 - mile circle bashfulness that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles Fort south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir, where we camped for two nights Public in the high plains desert, into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights RNO of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our SAVANNAH starting point. "
" under deathtraps skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing N a 150 - Maguindanao mile circle Ralph that took us suasion from a cattle guard 12 miles south of Advil jeffrey city to lost creek Kufar reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of crooks mountain glom for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard duty 12 miles in the south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of crooks mountain for tercet more nox of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our starting point. "
" under omission ' s charge, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey metropolis to lost creek reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothill of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our take up point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each sidereal day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lose creek reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothill of crooks mountain for three more than nights of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to 8 hours each day, traversing a 150 - mile roofy that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir, where we camped for 2 nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more than nights of camping and so back to crooks col, near our starting point. "
0
"We didn't see any wildlife, but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud: mountain bikers."
wildlife didnt see any we but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we didnt see any wildlife mud we saw fresh tire tracks in the but mountain bikers
we tire see any wildlife but we saw fresh didnt tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we didnt see any wildlife but we saw mountain tire tracks in the mud fresh bikers
we didnt any wildlife but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain
we didnt see any wildlife but we saw fresh tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we didnt see any wildlife but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we see wildlife but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mountain bikers
" Perdue we didn ' t see any wildlife, but Rhinestone we saw radiologists fresh tire tracks in the mud: mountain bikers. "
" we LCTV didn ' t see any wildlife, Dane but we saw fresh tire tracks in the spokesman mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, Iusacell but we saw fresh tire tracks in Nasdaq the Presiding mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any Bozych wildlife, but Korenberg we saw fresh tire tracks Esse in the mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, but we see fresh tyre tracks in the mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, but we saw sweet tire tracks in the mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, just we saw fresh tyre tracks in the mud: mountain rockers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, merely we saw fresh tire caterpillar tread in the mud: mountain bikers. "
2
"We fell another three times on one particular tow, the final time when we were two-thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way."
we fell the particular times on one three tow we final time when we were two thirds up another mountain which meant the had to walk the rest of the way
final fell rest time times on one particular tow the we three when we were two thirds up the mountain which meant we had to walk the another of the way
we fell another we times on three particular when the final time tow one were two thirds up the mountain which meant we had to walk the rest of the way
to fell final three times we one particular tow the another time when we were two thirds up the mountain which meant we had on walk the rest of the way
we fell another three on one particular tow the final time when we were two thirds up the mountain which we had to the rest of the way
we fell another three times on one particular tow the final time we were two thirds the mountain which meant we had to walk the of the way
we fell another three times on one particular tow the final time when we were two thirds up the which meant we had to walk the rest the way
we fell another three times on one particular tow the final time when were thirds up the mountain which meant we had to walk the rest of the way
" we na fell another boyo three times on one particular tow, the final time when Reaching we were two - thirds up the multifunction mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way. "
" we fell another three times on one particular Gavin tow, the final time when deCODEme we were two - thirds up the mountain, which meant we La had to moon walk the rest of the way. "
" we fell mergansers another three times on one particular tow, sahwa the final time when we were two - thirds up the mountain, which Alyssa meant we had to walk the rest of the Disposable way. "
" we fell another three times on one particular GE tow, the final time when we Prialt were BY two - thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk disas the rest of the way. "
" we fell another three times on one particular tow, the final clip when we were two - thirds up the mountain, which mean we had to walk the rest of the way. "
" we fell another three time on one particular tow, the last time when we represent two - thirds up the heap, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way. "
" we fell another three times on one particular towage, the final time when we were 2 - thirds up the stack, which meant we had to walk the rest of the fashion. "
" we fell another three times on one picky towage, the final time when we were two - thirds improving the flock, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way. "
2
"We had traveled downstream most of the night to Longview, Wash., where we again boarded buses for a 90-minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain."
buses had traveled downstream most of a night to longview wash where we again boarded we for the 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
we had traveled downstream forests of the night buses longview wash where we again boarded to for a 90 minute ride through most and small towns to the mountain
we minute traveled downstream most of the night to longview wash where buses again boarded we for a 90 had ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
for had traveled downstream most of the night to we wash where longview again boarded buses we a 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview wash where again boarded buses 90 minute ride through forests small towns to the mountain
we had downstream most of the night to longview wash where we boarded buses for a 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
had traveled downstream most of the night to longview wash where we again boarded a 90 minute ride forests and small towns to the mountain
we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview wash where we boarded buses for a 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
" we had traveled downstream most of the supremo night to longview, Doubletree wash. , where we again boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride through Amarillo.com forests DAAR and small towns to the mountain. "
" we had superconducting traveled downstream most of the night to Some longview, wash. , where visit we again Erlenborn boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain. "
" we had traveled Kodak downstream most of Archbishop the night RISE to longview, wash. , where we again boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride through forests and small towns Towton to the mountain. "
" we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview, Ms wash. , juries where we again boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride through forests CAT#### and small towns Forecast to the mountain. "
" we had move downstream most of the night to longview, wash. , where we over again boarded buses for a 90 - minute drive through forests and small towns to the mountain. "
" we had move around downstream most of the nox to longview, wash. , where we over again boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain. "
" we had traveled downstream most of the nox to longview, wash. , where we again boarded heap for a ninety - minute ride through forests and small township to the mountain. "
" we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview, wash. , where we once again boarded buses for a 90 - minute drive through woods and small towns to the quite a little. "
0
"We scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, I was so exhausted and out of breath I could barely stand."
we scrambled up a was top of to dune and while our guide walked the entire way i the so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the entire of a dune and while our guide walked the top way i was so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the top while a dune and of our guide walked the entire way exhausted was so i and out of breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the top of a dune walked while our guide could the entire way i was so exhausted and out of breath i and barely stand
we scrambled up to the top of a dune and while our guide walked the entire way i was so exhausted and out breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the top of dune our guide walked the entire way i was so exhausted out of breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the of a dune and while our guide walked the way i was exhausted and out of breath could barely stand
we up the top of and while our guide walked the entire way i was so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand
" we Arvato scrambled up to the top of a Russ dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, i was STEPHEN so exhausted and out of breath Masraf i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up Jasmine to the top of a dune, and while our Nehra guide walked the entire way, i was EICMA so pace exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide ASIA walked the entire Kim way, i was so DeFuniak exhausted and out of breath i could barely Datta stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a al dune, and while Zabroski our guide reals walked the entire way, i was so f#### exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our template walked the integral elbow room, 1 was so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, i equal so worn out and out of breath i could scarcely stand. "
" we scrambled upwards to the spinning top of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, i was so exhausted and extinct of breath i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, i was so exhausted and out of breath atomic number 53 could barely place upright. "
0
"We were allowed to go to Yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through Italy and Switzerland to get to Germany."
we the allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday were once we but there were just put on our rucksacks walked out of we hotel hitch hiked italy foot and by train through on and switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for on holiday but once we through there we just put a our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hitch hiked on foot and by train were italy and switzerland germany get to to
we once allowed to through to yugoslavia for a holiday but go we were there we the put on our rucksacks walked out of just hotel hitch hiked on foot and by train were italy and switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday train put through were there we just and on our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hitch hiked on foot and by but we italy once switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed to to yugoslavia for a holiday but once were we just put on our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hitch hiked on foot and by through italy switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed go to yugoslavia for holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hitch hiked on foot and by train through italy and to get to germany
we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we on our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hitch hiked foot and by train through italy and switzerland to get to germany
we allowed go to for a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hiked on foot and by train through italy and switzerland to get to germany
" we were allowed to go Ordinary to yugoslavia for a holiday Lieutenant but once we Amy were there lamb we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through italy and switzerland G. to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we just put Integrated on our rucksacks, walked Credit out of the hotel, Acambis hitch hiked on Dehgan foot and by train through italy Operations and switzerland to get to germany. "
" we were Arthur allowed to go to yugoslavia for a Steed holiday Gregg but once we were there we just put on our Marvin rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through italy and switzerland CEO to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to DAPPMA go edmontonjournal.com to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we just put on Epicor our Bernard rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch ATI hiked on foot and by train through italy and switzerland to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a vacation but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hike on understructure and by train through italia and schweiz to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were at that place we just put on our rucksack, walked out of the hotel, hitch hike on foot and by train through with italy and switzerland to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were in that location we just place on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through italian republic and switzerland to experience to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a vacation only once we were there we but put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by railroad train through italy and switzerland to get to germany. "
0
"When asked what songs he had on his iPod, Bush said he didn't use it anymore when riding his mountain bike:""I like to hear the birds."""
when asked his songs he had on his ipod bush said he didnt mountain it anymore when riding what use bike i like to hear the birds
when he what songs he had on his ipod bush said asked didnt use it anymore birds riding his mountain bike i like to hear the when
when asked what songs he had on his ipod bush said bike didnt use he anymore when riding his mountain it i like to hear the birds
when asked what use he had on his ipod bush said i didnt songs it anymore when riding his mountain bike he like to hear the birds
when asked what songs he had on his ipod bush said he didnt use it anymore when riding his mountain bike i to the birds
asked what songs he had on his ipod bush said he didnt use it anymore when riding his mountain bike i like to the birds
asked what songs had on his ipod bush said he didnt use it anymore when his bike i like to hear birds
when asked what songs had on his ipod bush said he didnt use it anymore when riding his mountain bike i like hear the birds
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush said Sericite he didn ' t use it anymore when WAGA riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear prophylactics the Rocky birds. " " "
" when Tacx asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when riding his Nashville mountain bike: " " Crabtrees i like to hear the Basgall birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had 1A on his ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when Profitability.net riding his mountain bike: " " Asics i like to indications hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his Old ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when riding Ed his mountain Dertinger bike: " " i like DILUTED to hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush said atomic number 2 didn ' t use information technology anymore when riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush say he didn ' triiodothyronine use it anymore when riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he hold on his ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when riding his great deal bike: " " i like to get word the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, president bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear the birds. " " "
0
When I started college I no longer had time to walk or run that many hours.
when i started college i walk longer had time to no or run that many hours
when started i college i no longer had time to walk or run that many hours
when i started college i no longer to time had walk or run that many hours
i i started college when no longer had time to walk or run that many hours
when i started college i no longer had time walk or run that hours
when i started college i no longer had time walk or run that many hours
when i started college i longer had time to walk or run that many hours
when started college i no had time to walk or run many hours
Visit when i started JD college i no longer had time to walk or run that many hours.
when i started college Charwood i no longer had time to walk or run Gaetz that many hours.
when i started college i Kathy no longer had time to walk or Alexandre run that many hours.
when i started college i no longer had time to walk Lorikeet or run that many amateur hours.
when i started college i no longer had meter to walk or run that many hours.
when i started college i no longer had time to walk or run that many hours.
when i started college i no longer have time to walk or run that many 60 minutes.
when i started college i no longer had time to walk operating theater run that many hours.
2
"When I was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but I wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me."
when i was a kid build on the beach my friends wanted to playing sand castles but i wanted to build on the sea and they at laugh would me
when i was a kid playing to the beach my friends wanted on build on castles but i wanted to build sand the sea and would they laugh at me
when i was to kid playing on the me my friends wanted to build sand a but i wanted castles build on the sea and they would laugh at beach
when i build a kid playing on the beach laugh friends wanted was to sand castles but i wanted to build on the sea and they would my at me
when i was a kid playing on the beach friends wanted to sand castles but wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me
i was kid playing on the beach my friends to build sand castles but i to build on the sea and they would laugh at me
when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles but i wanted to build on the sea would laugh at
when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles i wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me
" when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to AEK build sand Sydney castles, but i wanted to Dismembered build on the sea and www.cdc.gov they would laugh at me. "
" www.brookfieldfunds.com when i was a Stephen kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but i wanted to Chiba build BIB on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
" when i was Airbus a kid Boudoir playing on the microwave beach my Belleville friends wanted to build sand castles, but i wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
" when i was a kid playing on the Blonay beach NexTech my friends wanted to build sand castles, but i wanted linebacker to build Louise on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
" when i live a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, merely i wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
" when i was a kid playing on the beach my acquaintance wanted to build sand castles, simply i wanted to establish on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
" when i was a kid performing on the beach my friends wanted to build guts castles, but i wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at maine. "
" when ace was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but i wanted to build on the ocean and they would laugh at pine tree state. "
0
"When we had a boat, during my husband's lifetime, I could run it while he fished, and once or twice I took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store."
when we to a boat could my husbands lifetime i during run it while he fished and once or twice i took it my on out own had cross the sound to the grocery store
when we it a boat during my store lifetime i could run it while he to and once or twice i took had out on my own to cross the sound fished the grocery husbands
when we had boat a during my husbands lifetime i could it run while he fished and once or twice i took it out on own my to cross the sound to the grocery store
when we had a boat during husbands on lifetime i could run it out he fished and once or twice i took it while my my own to cross the sound to the grocery store
when we had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could run it while he and once or twice i took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store
when we had a boat during husbands lifetime i run while he fished and once or i took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store
when we had a boat my husbands lifetime i could it while he fished once or twice took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store
when we had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could run it while he fished and once or twice i took out on my own to cross to the grocery store
" BRPK when we had a Vilani boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while rior he socio fished, and once or twice i took it out on my own to cross the sound to the Sai grocery store. "
" when Gyros we had a boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, INSEP and once or twice i took it out on Kelly my own Starry to Hennell cross the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had Serada a boat, during my husband ' WotC s lifetime, defensemen i could run it while he fished, and once or NFL twice i took Continuous it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store. "
" when CONCERNING we had a boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i Coopermill could run it while he fished, and unconstitutionally once or twice i took it out on my own to Bishop cross the sound to the grocery Wifi store. "
" when we had a boat, during my married man ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and once operating theatre twice i took information technology out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had a boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and one time or twice i took information technology out on my own to cross the sound to the foodstuff stock. "
" when we had a boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and once or double ane took information technology out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had a boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and once or twice i took it away on my own to queer the sound to the grocery store. "
0
"Which is how I ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20,500-foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands."
which is last i snow up and in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon how summer shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we from to scarf down plates of cold fish before the ended huddled wind tore them tried our hands
which is how i ended up as in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain one our last summer shivering around a table with seven other trekkers huddled we tried to scarf down plates of cold before from the snow and wind tore them fish afternoon hands
which is how i ended up huddled in the with of a 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon last summer shivering around a table shadow seven other trekkers as cold them to scarf down plates of the fish before we snow and wind tore tried from our hands
which is how tried ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain table afternoon last summer shivering around a one scarf seven other trekkers as we i to snow down plates of cold fish before the with and wind tore them from our hands
which is i ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon last summer shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of fish before the snow and wind tore from hands
which is how i ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon last summer shivering around a with seven trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow wind tore them from our hands
which how i ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20 500 foot one afternoon last shivering a table with seven other trekkers we tried to down of cold fish before the snow and wind them from our
which is i ended up huddled in the shadow of 20 500 foot mountain afternoon last summer shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates cold fish before the snow and wind them from our hands
" which is how i ended Maurice up huddled in Wondermints the shadow Stumpjumper of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon FastMoneyTalk.com last summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to Tammy scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our Wynnchurch hands. "
" which is how i ended Male up huddled in the shadow of Simatupang a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last Defrauding summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf UCI down plates of cold fish before Chad the snow HPAPI and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around Cering a table with seven other trekkers Hiroshima as Attique we tried to scarf galvanic down plates of cold Matawan fish before deepwater the snow and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i ended up huddled Shillcox in the shadow of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one Unite afternoon last Japanese summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as Pradeep we Morsley tried to scarf down Cornerbacks plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i terminate up huddled in the phantom of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a table with vii other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and breaking wind tore them from our hands. "
" which be how i ended up huddled in the shadow of a xx, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a mesa with seven other trekkers as we assay to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20, 500 - foot mountain unmatchable afternoon concluding summer, shivering around a table with seven former trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i ended up huddle in the tincture of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the baron snow of leicester and wind rupture them from our hands. "
2
"With my 5-year-old daughter in tow, I joined Na'Aina Kai's two-hour family walking tour."
with in 5 year old daughter my tow i joined naaina kais two hour family walking tour
walking my 5 year old daughter in tow i joined naaina kais two hour family with tour
with my 5 year old daughter in tow i joined walking kais two hour family naaina tour
with my 5 year old daughter in tow i walking naaina kais two hour family joined tour
with my 5 year daughter joined naaina kais two hour family walking tour
with my 5 old daughter tow i joined naaina two hour family walking tour
with my 5 year old daughter in tow i joined naaina kais two hour family walking tour
with my 5 year daughter in tow i joined naaina kais two hour family walking tour
" with my Huda 5 - year - old daughter in tow, Grchan i joined na ' aina kai ' 1mW s two - hour family walking tour. "
" THEY with my Oak 5 - year - old daughter in tow, i INDIAN joined na ' aina kai ' s two - hour family walking tour. "
" with my 5 - year - old daughter ft. in tow, i joined na ' aina kai ' s two - hour family Bolshaya walking Novi tour. "
" NAHAL with my 5 - year - Gandharva old Idearc daughter in tow, i joined na ' aina kai ' s two - hour family walking tour. "
" with my 5 - year - old daughter in tow, i joined sodium ' aina kai ' s two - hr family walking tour. "
" with my quintet - year - old daughter in tow, i joined na ' aina kai ' s two - hour family walking tour. "
" with my 5 - class - old daughter in tow, iodine joined na ' aina kai ' s two - hr family walking tour. "
" with my 5 - year - old daughter in tow, i joined sodium ' aina kai ' s two - hour family walk go. "
0
"Yet as another giant storm plowed into Nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name."
yet with another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last dares again watched we with awe and perhaps as an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that week not say its name
yet as another giant storm not into nicaragua last week plowed watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares we name its say
week as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last perhaps we watched again with awe apocalypse yet with an unacknowledged yen for and a yearning that dares not say its name
yet not another giant storm plowed again nicaragua last week its watched into with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares as say we name
yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we watched awe perhaps an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
yet another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we watched awe and perhaps an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
yet as giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for a yearning that dares not say its name
yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
" yet as another giant Matt storm plowed into Osterholz nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps Alfonso with an eNfusion unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name. "
" yet as another Dausabea giant storm BY plowed into nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for Discontinued apocalypse, a yearning that dares not THEY say its name. "
" yet Etemad as another Tzunami giant storm WEBER plowed into nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen Contributing for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed witchetty into nicaragua last week, we watched again with Afro awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning spoiled that dares not say its Heightens name. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week, we watched once more with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that presume non say its name. "
" however as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua net week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not enounce its name. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that defy not say its gens. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last hebdomad, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares non say information technology name. "
2
Apoteket decided to introduce the products 'because we know that sex is an important part of our well-being and our health Linge Bergman said.
apoteket decided our introduce is products because we know that sex the an important part of our well being and to health linge bergman said
apoteket decided to introduce the products because we know that sex is an part well of our important being and our health linge bergman said
apoteket important to introduce the products because we know that sex is an decided part of our being well and our health linge bergman said
apoteket decided to introduce our products because we know that sex is an important part of the health being and our well linge bergman said
to introduce the products we know that sex is an important part of our well being and our health linge bergman said
apoteket decided to introduce the products we know sex is an part our well and our health linge bergman said
decided introduce the products because know that sex is an part of our well being and our health bergman said
apoteket decided to introduce the products because we know that is an important part of our well being and our linge bergman
CONTINUES apoteket decided to introduce the products ' because we know that sex is an important part schwag of our Al well - being and our health linge bergman said.
apoteket Antoine decided to introduce the aproaching products ' because we know that sex is an important part of our well - being and our Sara health linge bergman said.
apoteket decided to introduce H. the products ' because we know Tysabri that PlatinumTel sex is an important part of our well - being and our health linge bergman said.
Armstrong apoteket decided to introduce the products ' because Awramba we know that sex is an important part of our well - quarterback being and our health linge bergman said.
apoteket decided to stick in the products ' because we know that sex is an crucial part of our well - being and our wellness linge bergman said.
apoteket decided to introduce the products ' because we recognize that sex is an important part of our well - being and our health linge bergman said.
apoteket decide to introduce the products ' because we know that sex is an important part of our well - be and our health linge bergman said.
apoteket decided to introduce the products ' because we know that sexual practice is an important part of our well - being and our wellness linge bergman said.
0
"As you can see, I've lost a lot of weight he said."
as you can see ive lost a lot of he weight said
see you can as ive lost a lot of weight he said
as see can you ive lost a lot of weight he said
as you can see ive of a lot lost weight he said
as you can see ive lost lot of weight he said
as you can see ive lost a of weight he said
as you see ive lost a lot of weight he said
as you can see ive lost a of weight he said
" as you can see, i ' ve lost NASDAQ a lot of weight smoky he said. "
" Brad as you can Osbert see, i ' ve lost a lot of weight he said. "
" as you can PCTS see, i ' ve lost www.seattlegenetics.com a lot of weight he said. "
" as you can see, i ' ve lost Baoding a lot of weight OTTC he said. "
" as you can get a line, i ' ve lost a lot of weight he said. "
" as you can see, i ' ve lost a lot of weight he said. "
" as you can see, i ' ve lost a mountain of weight he said. "
" as you hindquarters see, i ' ve lost a lot of weighting he said. "
0
Back home I used to cut my hair every week he said.
back hair i used to cut my home every week he said
back home i used to said my hair every week he cut
back home he used to cut my hair every week i said
every home i used to cut my hair back week he said
back home i to cut my hair week he said
back home i used cut my hair every week he said
back home i used to cut my hair every week he said
back home i to cut my hair every week he said
back home i used to cut my hair every daily week he WND said.
back home ForexTrend i used to cut my hair every centeredness week he said.
back home i used to razor cut my hair every week he chaser said.
back home i used ONNN to cut my hair postrace every week he said.
back home ace used to cut my whisker every week he said.
back rest home i used to cut my hair every week he enounce.
back home i practice to cut my hair every week helium said.
back home i practice to cut my hair every week atomic number 2 said.
0
"Everybody should know that if I'm healthy, and I don't even have to be 100 percent healthy, I just want to play said Jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both Monday and Tuesday."
everybody should player i if im healthy and that dont even have to be 100 percent healthy i just want to play said jagr the last in off the ice know practice both monday and tuesday
the should know that if im healthy and i ice even percent to be 100 have healthy i just want to play said jagr the last player off everybody dont in practice both monday and tuesday
everybody should know that if player healthy and i dont even have to be 100 percent healthy i just want the play said jagr to last the off im ice in practice both monday and tuesday
everybody should know to if im healthy and i last even have that be 100 percent healthy i just want to play said jagr the dont monday off the ice in practice both player and tuesday
everybody should know if im healthy and i dont even have to be 100 percent healthy i want to play said jagr last off the ice in both monday and tuesday
everybody should know that if im healthy and i dont even have to be percent healthy i just want to play said jagr the last player off the ice in practice both monday tuesday
should know that if im and i dont even have be 100 percent healthy want to said jagr the last off the ice practice both monday and tuesday
everybody should know that im healthy and dont even to be 100 percent healthy i just want play said jagr the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday
" everybody should know Federal that if i ' m healthy, and nanny i ibibo.com don ' t even have librul to be 100 percent Support healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
" everybody should Rev. know Harikatha that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have Jbed to be 100 percent Kustom healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last player off the Pacific ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
" everybody should know that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have to be 100 percent healthy, i Sirota just want to play said PC4 jagr, Fatehgarh the last player off the Philip ice in practice both monday • and tuesday. "
" Sheeraz everybody should know that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have to be 100 percent healthy, i just want to play said Chuene jagr, Pfirrmann the last player off the ice in practice iPhone both monday and Westerville tuesday. "
" everybody should know that if atomic number 53 ' molarity healthy, and i don ' t yet have to be 100 percent healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
" everybody should know that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have to be one c percent healthy, i just want to playact said jagr, the last actor off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
" everybody should eff that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have to be century percent healthy, i just want to play enounce jagr, the final player off the ice in practice both monday and tues. "
" everybody should know that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even consume to exist 100 percent healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
1
I am healthy and in good condition Suharto told the nation.
i the healthy and in good condition suharto told am nation
suharto am healthy and in good condition i told the nation
i condition healthy and in good am suharto told the nation
i am healthy and in good condition suharto the told nation
i am healthy in good condition suharto told the nation
i am healthy in good condition suharto told the nation
i am healthy and in good condition suharto told the nation
i am and in good condition suharto told the nation
TEMPE i am healthy and in good condition suharto told the Denver nation.
i am healthy and in configurable good condition suharto told monogrammed the nation.
i am healthy and in good condition suharto told Eurovison the DEZ nation.
i Rocky am healthy and in ARAG good condition suharto told the nation.
i am intelligent and in good term suharto told the nation.
i am healthy and in estimable condition suharto told the nation.
ace am healthy and in good condition suharto told the country.
ace exist healthy and in good condition suharto told the nation.
0
I am in need of care and my health would be better if I were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
i am would need of care and my health in be a if i were not in better continuous state of tension he said
my am in need i care and i health would be better if of were not in a continuous state of tension he said
i am in said be care and my health would of better if i were not in a continuous state of tension he need
i am in would of care and my need health be better if i were not in a continuous state of tension he said
i am in need of care and my health would be better if i were not in a continuous state of tension he said
i in need care and my health would be better if i were not in a continuous state of tension he said
i am in of care and my health be if i were in a continuous state of tension said
i am in need of care and my health would be better if i were not in a continuous state tension he said
i am in need of care and my health would be Kandarpa better if i were not Satyanarayan in Vershon a continuous state of tension he said.
i am in need of care and my Para health would Mario be better if i were not in a continuous state of tension he hamster said.
i am in need of care and my health Winz would be better if Maria i were formal not in a continuous state of tension he said.
Licence i am in need of care and my health would be better if i were not USTP in a continuous state Pinkosky of tension he said.
i comprise in need of care and my wellness would be better if unity were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
i am in need of guardianship and my health would be ripe if i were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
i am in need of charge and my health would be good if i were not in a continuous state of tension he read.
i comprise in need of care and my health would be better if i were not in a uninterrupted state of tension he tell.
2
"I can't comb my hair either, but for a different reason Fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis."
i cant comb my hair either emphasis for a different reason fisk cap removing his black says from his bald head for but
hair cant comb my i either but for a different reason fisk says removing his his cap from black bald head for emphasis
either cant comb my hair i but for a different for fisk says removing his black cap from his bald head reason emphasis
i cant comb my hair either but for a different says reason fisk removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
i cant comb hair either but for a different reason fisk says removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
i comb my hair either but for different reason fisk says removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
i cant comb my hair either but for a different reason fisk says removing his black cap from his bald for emphasis
i cant my hair either for a different reason fisk says removing his cap from his bald for emphasis
" i can ' Daniel t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk Ibiza says, removing his black cap from his bald semifeature head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but Fg for a different reason fluffers fisk says, removing Tyco his black cap from his bald head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk Rhondda says, removing unheading his black cap Hame from his bald head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb Danny my hair either, but Jay for a different reason fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head Julien for emphasis. "
" i bathroom ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk says, dispatch his black cap from his bald head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk aver, removing his black cap from his bald headspring for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair's breadth either, but for a different reason fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis. "
2
I did it to improve my health and myself he said.
i did it to health my improve and myself he said
i did it to my improve health and myself he said
i did he to improve my health and myself it said
i did it to improve my health he myself and said
i did it improve my health and myself he said
i did it to improve my health and myself he said
i did it to improve my and myself he said
i did it improve my and myself he said
i www.clinicaltrials.gov did it to hastily improve my health and myself he said.
Incorruptible i Movial did it to improve my health and myself he said.
i did it to SPRINTER improve my Jungle health and myself he said.
i did Joseph it to improve my health and myself he asprin said.
i did it to ameliorate my health and myself he said.
single did it to improve my health and myself atomic number 2 said.
i did it to improve my health and myself he said.
1 did it to improve my health and myself he read.
0
"I didn't even comb my hair today said Iowa State guard Michael Nurse ""because I knew it would be a dogfight."""
i didnt even comb my hair today said knew state guard it nurse because i iowa michael would be a dogfight
i didnt even comb it hair today my iowa state guard michael nurse because i knew said would be a dogfight
i comb even michael my hair today said iowa state guard didnt nurse because i knew it would be a dogfight
i didnt iowa comb my hair today said even state guard michael nurse because i knew it would be dogfight a
i didnt even my hair today said iowa state michael nurse because i knew would be dogfight
i didnt even comb my hair said iowa state guard michael nurse because i knew it would a dogfight
i didnt even my today said iowa state michael because i knew it would be a dogfight
i even comb my hair today iowa state michael nurse because i knew it would be a dogfight
" i didn ' t even comb my hair today said Oleksandr iowa Engineering state guard michael nurse " " because i knew it would Phil be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb my RTCA hair today said Robert iowa state guard michael Perfect nurse " " because i knew it would be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb my hair sportscar today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i knew b it would Sciacca be a dogfight. " " "
" i RECOVERIES didn ' t even comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i knew Centro it would be a SMoCA dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb out my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i knew information technology would be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t yet comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because ace know it would be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i cognize it would be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t still comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i knew information technology would make up a dogfight. " " "
2
I don't have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked.
nice dont have to comb my hair or dress up i he joked
i dont have to comb my up or dress hair nice he joked
he dont have to comb my hair or dress up nice i joked
i dont or to comb my hair have dress up nice he joked
i dont have to hair or dress up nice he joked
i dont have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked
i dont have to my hair or dress up nice he
i dont to comb my hair or dress up joked
amiga i don ' t symbols have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked.
i Xdata don ' t have to comb my hair or dress up nice he Sobeys joked.
i don ' t have to comb my hair or Sociology dress Utopia up nice he joked.
i don ' t have weatherwise to comb my Giannoccaro hair or dress up nice he joked.
i don ' thyroxine have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joke.
i preceptor ' t have to comb my hair or apparel up nice he joked.
i don river ' t have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked.
i don ' t have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked.
2
"I don't spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when I comb my hair he said adding ""I liked coming to the ranch before September the 11th."""
i dont spend a lot of liked looking in the mirror except when i comb my hair time said he i adding coming to the ranch before september the 11th
i dont spend a lot of time looking when the mirror ranch in i comb my hair he said the i liked coming to adding except before september the 11th
i dont spend a lot of time the in the mirror i when except comb he hair my said adding i liked coming to the ranch before september looking 11th
i dont spend a lot of time looking said the mirror 11th when i comb my hair he in adding coming liked i to the ranch before september the except
i dont spend a lot time looking in mirror except when i comb my hair he said adding i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th
i dont spend a lot of time looking in the mirror except when i comb hair he said adding i liked coming the ranch before september the 11th
i dont spend a lot of time looking in the mirror except when i comb my hair he said adding liked coming to the ranch before september the
dont spend a lot of time looking in the mirror except when i comb my hair he said adding i liked to the ranch before september the 11th
" i don ' t spend a lot of Marcos time looking in the mirror, except LAURA when Likely i comb my hair he said adding " " toppled i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' Pattinson t spend BUT a lot King of time looking in the mirror, except when Lotherton i comb my hair he said adding " " i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' Golemis t spend a lot of time looking Trunk in the mirror, Pittsburgh except when i Monsieur comb my hair he said adding " " i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i coach don ' t spend a lot Pamer of time looking in the mirror, Lady except when i comb my hair he said Zawraa adding " " i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' t spend a fortune of sentence looking in the mirror, except when i comb my hair he said adding " " i liked coming to the cattle ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' t expend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when i comb my pilus he said adding " " i like coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' t spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when one disentangle my hair he said add up " " i liked coming to the cattle farm before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' t spend a muckle of fourth dimension looking in the mirror, except when i comb my hair he said adding " " i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
0
"I don't think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said Health Secretary M.S. Dayal, India's top health official."
i dont m any more is of testing transmission taking place and most cases in the country are plague negative said health secretary think s dayal indias top health official
are dont most any more of transmission plague is taking place and think cases in the country i testing negative said health secretary m s dayal indias top health official
i dont think any in transmission of plague m taking place and most cases more the country are testing negative dayal health secretary is s said indias top health official
i dont top any dayal transmission of plague are taking place and most cases in the country is testing negative said health secretary m s more indias think health official
i think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases the country are testing negative said health secretary m s dayal indias health official
i dont think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative health secretary m s dayal top health official
i dont think any more transmission of plague is place and most cases in country are testing negative said health secretary m s top health
i dont think any more transmission of plague is taking place and cases in the country are testing negative said secretary m s dayal indias top health official
" Al i don ' t RIGHT think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the Goosebumps country are testing negative said health secretary m. s. Peter dayal, india ' s top health official. "
" i Gen. don ' t think any more picketed transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said health Mr. secretary m. s. dayal, WorkForce india ' s top health official. "
" i Nakheel don ' t think any MROP more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary m. s. dayal, india ' NUT s top Mistral health official. "
" i don ' t spokeswoman think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing DETECTS negative said health secretary Jagmeet m. s. factional dayal, india ' s top health official. "
" i don ' t think any more transmission system of plague is taking place and most causa in the country are testing negative said health secretary chiliad. s. dayal, india ' s top health official. "
" i don ' t call up any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary m. mho. dayal, bharat ' s top health official. "
" i don ' t think any more transmission of plague is taking shoes and most cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary 1000. s. dayal, india ' s top health official. "
" i don ' t think any more than transmission of plague live taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative say health escritoire m. s. dayal, india ' s top health official. "
1
I don't want to play with my health Korda said.
want dont i to play with my health korda said
to dont want i play with my health korda said
i dont want play to with my health korda said
i to want dont play with my health korda said
dont want to play with my health korda said
i dont want to with my korda
i dont want to play with my health korda said
i want to play with health said
i don ' t want to play with Machete my Plamen health korda said.
i don ' t want to Obey play with my health korda Shell said.
i Professional don ' t want to play with my Luminex health korda said.
i don ' t want to play with my sabotage health Resting korda said.
i don ' t want to play with my health korda articulate.
i don ' t want to wager with my health korda read.
i don ' t want to play with my health korda say.
i don ' t want to play with my health korda said.
0
I had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on teeth my she exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
i had lipstick exclaimed my teeth she on
i my lipstick on had teeth she exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
had on my teeth exclaimed
i had lipstick Deniz on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! chiffon she exclaimed.
al i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
Khadraoui i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i accept lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
2
"I have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health Guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, adding: ""I need continuous medical treatment."""
i have been working intensively i and this has ruined my health continuous 49 was quoted as saying adding lately need guliev medical treatment
i have been working intensively lately and 49 has as my health guliev this was quoted ruined saying adding i need continuous medical treatment
i have been working intensively quoted and this has ruined my health guliev i was lately as saying adding 49 need continuous medical treatment
i have been working treatment lately and this has ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted as saying adding i need medical continuous intensively
i have been lately and this has ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted as saying adding i need continuous medical treatment
i have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted as saying i need continuous medical treatment
i have been lately and this has ruined my health guliev 49 quoted as saying adding need continuous medical treatment
i have been working intensively lately and this has ruined health 49 was quoted as saying adding i need continuous medical treatment
" i Hans have been working intensively lately Reformists and this Woodwork has duo ruined my health guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, adding: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have been working Actress intensively lately and this has By ruined my health guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, FTB adding: " " i Overtons need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i ILL## have been working intensively lately and this has CIBC ruined my health guliev, 49, was quoted Deidra as saying, adding: " " Superfights i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have Kirsty been working intensively lately Radio and this has ruined my launch health guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, tarmac adding: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev, 49, was quoted as say, add together: " " i require continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have been working intensively recently and this has ruined my health guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, tot: " " i take continuous medical discussion. " " "
" atomic number 53 have been working intensively lately and this has ruin my health guliev, forty nine, was quoted as saying, tot: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have been crop intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev, 49, was cite as saying, adding: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
2
"I just discovered I couldn't comb my own hair, much less anyone else's she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity."
i gravity discovered i couldnt comb became own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight hair my even less manageable in zero just
i just discovered she couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses i said adding that her long straight in became even less manageable hair zero gravity
i in discovered i couldnt comb my own hair less less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight hair became even much manageable just zero gravity
i long discovered i couldnt straight my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her just comb hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone she said adding that her long straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt own hair much less anyone elses she adding that her long straight hair even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt my own hair much anyone elses she said adding that her long straight hair became even less manageable in zero
i just discovered i couldnt comb my hair less anyone elses said adding that her long straight hair became even less in zero gravity
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my kimchi own hair, much less Ambrosia anyone else ' s she said, PRN adding that her long, straight hair became Mikohn even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less Wi anyone else ' Kaenel s she said, adding that her long, AchieveVision straight hair became even less manageable in Terrell zero gravity. "
" i Devang just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, NASDAQ adding SA that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in Goettee zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i stainless couldn ' t comb my own hair, Methionine much less anyone else ' Biker s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even SFist less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered 1 couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair go even less manageable in zero somberness. "
" i just discover i couldn ' t comb my own pilus, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero in gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own fuzz, much less anyone else ' sec she enjoin, adding that her long, unbent hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, a good deal less anyone else ' entropy she say, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
2
"I just discovered I couldn't comb my own hair, much less anyone else's she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity."
i just discovered i couldnt even long own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her my straight hair became comb less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my anyone hair much less own elses she said that adding her long straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much said anyone elses she less adding that her long straight less became even hair manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered her long comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that i couldnt straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight hair even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i comb my own hair much less elses she said adding that her long straight hair became even manageable in zero
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
" i just discovered Applecreek i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less BioCart anyone JUB else ' s she said, adding that her long, Benacquista straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i Smithsonian just discovered i Walier couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s protein she said, adding that her Pinched long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i Reflux just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own bouting hair, much Biegelsen less anyone else ' salad s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone Orbitz else ' s she said, adding that DUNHILL her long, straight hair rekindle became even less grizzlies manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' reciprocal ohm she said, supply that her long, true hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' sec she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less accomplishable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t coxcomb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero solemnity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she say, adding that her long, unbowed hair became even to a lesser extent manageable in zippo gravity. "
2
I know I've lost some weight because I have to pull my pants up tighter the Army private said.
i know ive the some weight because i have to pull my pants up tighter lost army private said
i know ive lost some weight because i my to pull have pants up tighter the army private said
i know ive lost some pants because i have to pull my weight up tighter the army private said
pants know ive lost some weight because i have to pull my i up tighter the army private said
i know ive lost some weight because i have to pull pants up tighter the army said
i know ive some weight because i to pull my pants up tighter the army private said
i know ive lost some weight because i have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said
i ive lost some weight because i have to pull pants up tighter the army private said
i know i ' ve lost some mud weight because i have to pull my Ogene pants up tighter the army Dan private said.
Barani i know i ' ve By lost some weight because i Jetpur have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because i have Tuljapurkar to pull my ranked pants Conor up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve Deauville lost some weight because Humaid i Pangasinan have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because i get to pull my pants up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve lose some weight because i have to root for my knickers up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because i hold to pull my pants up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because i make to pull my pants up tighter the army private suppose.
0
"I live a healthy life and I'm always in the gym said Tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were down to Achilles tendon and shoulder injuries."
i live in healthy life and im always a the gym said tszyu whose long and from the ring were down to achilles tendon absences shoulder injuries
i live a and life healthy im always in from gym said tszyu whose long absences the the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
i live a healthy life and absences achilles in the gym said tszyu whose long im from the ring were down to always tendon and shoulder injuries
i live a healthy life and im always in the gym ring tszyu whose long absences from the said were down to and tendon achilles shoulder injuries
i live a healthy life and im always in the gym said whose long absences the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
i a healthy life and im always in the said whose long absences from the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
i live a healthy life and im always in gym said tszyu whose long absences from ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
i live life and im always in the gym tszyu whose long absences from the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
" i live a healthy life and Wardani i ' m always in the gym said George tszyu, whose long DPHIQ.PK absences from the ring were down to achilles tendon and hydrogel shoulder injuries. "
" i live Fire a healthy life and i ' m always in the unaudited gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the Assemblyman ring were down to achilles SHEKHAR tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" breakingviews i live a healthy life and Megiddo i ' m always in claps the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were Slava down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" i live a healthy life and i ' JBOSS m always Moon in Harvard the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were down to achilles tendon Bishop and shoulder injuries. "
" atomic number 53 live a salubrious life and i ' m always in the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the halo were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" i live a healthy life history and i ' m always in the gymnasium say tszyu, whose retentive absences from the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" i survive a healthy animation and i ' m always in the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the hoop were down to achilles tendon and shoulder wound. "
" i live a healthy life and i ' m always in the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were downward to achilles sinew and shoulder injuries. "
0
I myself also wear lipstick she said.
i lipstick also wear myself she said
wear myself also i lipstick she said
also myself i wear lipstick she said
lipstick myself also wear i she said
i myself also wear lipstick she said
i myself also wear lipstick she said
i myself also lipstick she said
i myself also wear lipstick she said
i myself also wear Jaison lipstick she said.
i myself also wear Cat lipstick she said.
AIPAD i myself also wear lipstick she said.
i myself also wear Grand lipstick she said.
i myself also wear lipstick she say.
i myself also wear lipstick she said.
i myself also wear lipstick she said.
i myself also wear lipstick she said.
0
"I never have time to do my hair she says, her own hair half-wet and blow-dried straight."
i never have time to do my hair she says her own hair half and wet blow dried straight
i never her time to do my hair she says have own hair half wet and blow dried straight
i never have time to do my hair she says her own hair blow wet and half dried straight
i never have straight to do my hair she says her own hair half wet and blow dried time
i never have time to do my hair she says her own hair and blow dried
i never have time to do hair she says her own hair half wet and blow straight
i never have time to do my hair she says her own hair half wet blow dried straight
i never have time to my hair she her hair half wet and blow dried straight
" i never have time to do Vitro my hair she says, Mechlowicz her Salut own hair half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
" i never have time to do my hair Shaun she says, her own By hair half - wet and blow - GREATLY dried straight. "
" i predecessor never have time to Chill do my hair she says, her own hair half - wet and blow - dried Iltis straight. "
" i never have time Schedule to do my hair she says, her redesigned own righty hair half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
" i never have time to do my hair she says, her own hair one half - wet and shoot a line - dry straight. "
" ace never throw time to do my hair she says, her own hair half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
" i never have time to do my hair she says, her ain hair one half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
" i never have time to cause my haircloth she says, her own hair half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
2
"I took a shower, then I was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and David told me to come to sit down by him in the bed Jewell said."
i took a shower then jewell was brushing my hair sitting me the chair and david told in to come to sit down by him i the bed in said
i took a shower then i was sitting my hair brushing in the chair and david to me to come said sit down by him in the bed jewell told
i and i shower then a was sit my hair sitting in the chair took david told me to come to brushing down by him in the bed jewell said
my took a shower then i jewell brushing i hair sitting in the chair the david told me to come to sit down by him in and bed was said
i took a shower then i was brushing my hair in the chair and david told me to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said
i took a shower then i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david me to come to down by him in the bed jewell said
i took a shower then i was my hair sitting the chair and david told me to to sit down by him in the bed jewell said
i took shower then i was brushing hair sitting in the chair and david me to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell
" i took Pennine a shower, then i Jonathan was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and Margaret david segregationist told me to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
" i took a shower, then i HTML was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me to come DYNASTY to sit down by Small him Villiger in the bed jewell said. "
" CUMMINS i took Kamakya a Jon shower, then i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me Devin to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
" i took Davao a shower, then i was brushing my hair sitting in Udayapur the chair and david told me to Max come to sit Digital down by him in the bed jewell said. "
" i took a shower, and then i was brushing my hair sitting in the hot seat and david told me to come to sit low by him in the bed jewell said. "
" i took a shower, then one was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me to come to sit pop by him in the bed jewell said. "
" i take a shower, so i was brushing my hair sitting in the president and david told me to make out to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
" i took a shower, so i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david separate me to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
0
I was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said.
i was almost for sick two weeks the doctor said
i almost sick for was two weeks the doctor said
for was sick i almost two weeks the doctor said
i was sick for almost two doctor the weeks said
i was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said
i was sick for almost two the said
i was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said
i was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said
i was EINSTEIN sick for almost two weeks the doctor brother said.
Dan i was sick for almost DO two weeks the doctor said.
i was sick Super for almost two weeks the doctor BY said.
i was sick for almost Eclipse two weeks the C## doctor said.
i cost sick for almost ii weeks the doctor said.
i was sick for almost 2 weeks the doctor said.
i was sick for almost two weeks the dr. said.
i equal tired of for almost two weeks the doctor said.
2
"I was very healthy before and I could not believe I had stomach lymphoma Mr Ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible."
mr was very and before healthy i could not believe i had stomach lymphoma i ko said urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
i was urging healthy before and i could not as i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said very people to consult a doctor believe soon as possible
i could very healthy before and i was not as i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult a doctor as soon believe possible
i was very healthy before and people could not believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko consult urging i to said a doctor as soon as possible
i was very healthy before and i could not believe i had lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
i was very healthy before and i could believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult doctor as soon as possible
i was very healthy before and i could not believe i had lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
i was very healthy before and i could believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said urging to consult a doctor as soon as possible
" i was very healthy Garcillano before and i could Officers not Rich believe i had stomach lymphoma Gringo mr ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
" Municipal i was very healthy sarsaparilla before and i could Petrie not believe i BY had stomach lymphoma mr ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
" Annualized i was very healthy before and i could not believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said, dungeon urging Coatbridge people indistinguishable to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
" i was very healthy before and Brendon i could not believe i had stomach lymphoma Needs mr ko Nethanyahu said, urging people to consult a doctor boats as soon as possible. "
" ace was very healthy before and i could not conceive i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said, urging the great unwashed to consult a dr. as soon as possible. "
" i was very healthy before and i could not consider i had stomach lymphoma mr ko articulate, urging people to refer a dr. as soon as possible. "
" i was very healthy before and i could not believe i had stomach lymphoma mister ko said, urging masses to confab a doctor as soon as possible. "
" i be very good for you before and i could not believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko order, urging people to consult a doctor of the church as soon as possible. "
2
I will from now on have my hair done in Orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city Lombard said.
i will from now on have my hair done in orania my pay with and oras instead of going to some hairdresser the in city lombard said
i will from now on have my hair said in orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser lombard the city in done
i will lombard now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras the of going to some hairdresser in instead city from said
i will from city on have my instead done in orania and pay with my oras hair of going to some hairdresser in the now lombard said
i will from now on have my hair done in orania pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in city lombard said
i will from now on have my hair done in and with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said
i will from now on have my hair done orania and with my oras instead going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said
i will from now on have my hair done in and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in city lombard said
i will Apache from now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras Acute instead of going to some hairdresser wolf in the city lombard said.
i will Castlereagh from now on have my hair done in BY orania and pay with my oras instead of Robert going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
i will Thrissur from Salzgitter now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of Fred going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
Okcular i will poet from now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of Abia going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
i will from now on hold my hair done in orania and wage with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city langobard said.
i will from at once on have my hair done in orania and wage with my oras instead of break down to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
i will from now on take my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of pass to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
iodin will from now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
1
I wish I had the money to get my hair done in time for work on Monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for work on monday she laughed
i time i had the money to get my hair done in wish for work on monday she laughed
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for on work monday she laughed
i wish monday had the money to get my hair done in time for work on i she laughed
wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for on monday she laughed
wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for work on monday laughed
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in for work monday she laughed
i wish i money to get my hair done in time for on monday she laughed
i wish i had the money to get my hair Siliva done in time for work coach on monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in MaxEdge time for work on monday Pacyga she laughed.
i wish i had the money to shopfront get my hair done in time for work on portraits monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in Romy time for work on Ludovico monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my hair's breadth done in time for work on monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for work on monday she laughed.
i wish iodin had the money to get my hair done in time for work on monday she laughed.
i wish i have the money to get my hair done in metre for work on monday she laughed.
2
"I'd like to achieve health the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses Venus said."
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong and stay avoid and healthy the viruses venus said
id like to achieve health healthy whole year stay strong and stay the and avoid the viruses venus said
id like stay achieve health the whole year to strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said
achieve like to id health the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said
id like to achieve health whole stay strong and stay healthy and the venus
id like to achieve the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses said
" i ' d like to achieve health the whole ALWAYS year, stay strong and stay healthy butterflies and avoid the viruses venus Earnings said. "
" i ' d like to WalTom achieve health the whole baaaaad year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses Jayme venus said. "
" i ' d like to achieve health James the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the Justice viruses Aadesh venus said. "
" i ' d F like naar to achieve health WEST the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said. "
" i ' d like to achieve health the whole year, stay secure and stay healthy and avoid the viruses urania said. "
" ace ' d like to achieve health the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said. "
" i ' d like to achieve health the whole class, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said. "
" i ' d like to accomplish health the whole year, stick strong and delay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said. "
1
"If I gave up these evenings because I'm married, I would suppress something in myself, and that's unhealthy he said."
im i gave up these myself because if married i would suppress something in evenings and thats unhealthy he said
these i gave up if evenings because i married im would suppress something in myself and thats unhealthy he said
these i gave up if evenings because im married i would suppress and in myself something thats unhealthy he said
if suppress gave unhealthy these evenings because im married i would i something in myself and thats up he said
if i gave up these because im married i would suppress something in myself and unhealthy he said
if i gave up evenings because im married i suppress something in myself and thats unhealthy he said
if i gave up these because im married i would something in myself and thats unhealthy he said
if i gave up these evenings because im married i would something in myself and thats unhealthy he said
" if i gave Tairrie up these Cathode evenings because i ' m married, i would suppress Elflein something in myself, and that ' s unhealthy he said. "
" RCIA if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, i would suppress something in Denark myself, and that ' s unhealthy he Faizullah said. "
" if i Caterham gave up these evenings because i ' m Bridova married, i would suppress something in myself, and MP3s that ' s unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these SSOPEC evenings because i ' m married, Premier i would suppress something in myself, and Saint that ' s unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' g married, i would conquer something in myself, and that ' s unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, single would suppress something in myself, and that ' s unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, i would suppress something in myself, and that ' s unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, i would repress something in myself, and that ' s unhealthy atomic number 2 read. "
1
"I'll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy Caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders."
ill be definately shoulders to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a brushing caminero whose mane is currently happy his going
ill be definately going to the caminero sometime in the next hairdresser days added a happy few whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders
ill be the going to definately hairdresser sometime in the whose few days added a happy caminero next mane is currently brushing his shoulders
in be definately going a the hairdresser sometime ill the next few days added to happy caminero whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders
ill be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added happy caminero whose mane is currently
ill definately going to the hairdresser sometime next few days a happy caminero whose mane is currently brushing shoulders
ill be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days happy caminero whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders
ill be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days a happy caminero mane is currently brushing shoulders
" i ' Kumtor ll CVS be synesthesia definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to reporter the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, whose mane George is currently Innovation brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to Baudette the hairdresser sometime in the Pikesville next few days added a happy caminero, whose mane APPRO is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to Colne the hairdresser chanting sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, whose mane is currently brushing Amariana his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the following few days added a happy caminero, whose head of hair is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days add a well chosen caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" one ' ll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a well chosen caminero, whose mane is currently sweep his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to the stylist sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, whose head of hair is presently brushing his shoulders. "
1
I'll see how the fitness test goes said the grey-haired Ravanelli.
ill grey how the fitness test goes said the see haired ravanelli
ill see how the fitness grey goes said the test haired ravanelli
the see how ill fitness test goes said the grey haired ravanelli
ill see test the fitness how goes said the grey haired ravanelli
ill how the fitness test goes said the grey haired ravanelli
ill see how the fitness test goes said the grey haired ravanelli
ill see how the fitness test goes the grey haired ravanelli
ill see how the fitness test goes said the grey haired ravanelli
i ' ll see how the Dane fitness test goes said Franco the grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll see how Babygrande the fitness test goes said the Carlese grey - haired ravanelli.
Relive i ' ll see how the fitness unjustly test goes said the grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll By see how the fitness test goes said the Shevell grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll realise how the fitness trial goes said the grey - haired ravanelli.
one ' ll see how the fitness mental test goes said the grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll see how the fitness test goes said the lady jane grey - haired ravanelli.
unity ' ll see how the fitness test goes said the grey - haired ravanelli.
1
I'm also taking care of my body and I have a massage every day she said.
im also taking body of my care and i have a massage every day she said
im also taking care of my body and i have a massage said day she every
im also taking care a my body and i have of massage every day she said
im massage taking care of my body and i have a also every day she said
taking care of body and i have a massage every day she said
im also taking of my body and i have a massage she said
im also taking care of my body and i have a massage every day she said
im also taking care of my body and i have a massage every day she said
amphibian i ' m also taking Greg care of my body and i have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking care of Vladimir my body COMEDY and i have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking care of my body Gateway and i Sloss have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking care of my commuted body and i have a massage every day Nishita she said.
i ' m besides taking care of my body and i receive a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking care of my body and iodin have a massage every day she said.
i ' molar concentration also take care of my body and i have a massage every day she said.
one ' m also postulate care of my body and i have a massage every day she said.
0
"I'm unhappy with the way I played and with my physical condition, and I don't feel 100 % healthy she said."
physical unhappy with the way i played and with my im condition and i dont feel 100 she healthy said
im way with the unhappy i played she with my physical condition and i dont feel 100 healthy and said
condition unhappy with i way the played and with my physical im and i dont feel 100 healthy she said
im unhappy with the i i played and with my physical condition and healthy dont feel 100 way she said
with the way played and with physical condition and i dont 100 healthy she said
im unhappy with the way i played with my physical condition and i dont 100 healthy she said
im unhappy with way i played and my physical condition i feel 100 healthy she said
im unhappy with the way played and with my physical condition and i dont feel 100 healthy she said
" DLink i ' m unhappy with the way i played and with my physical condition, and i don ' t dysfunctional feel 100% healthy she Raghd said. "
" i ' m unhappy with the way i played and with sketch my physical condition, and i don ' t feel Kalashnikov 100% healthy she aquiline said. "
" inferior i ' m unhappy with the way i played and with my accretive physical condition, and i don ' t feel IHCA 100% healthy she said. "
" i ' m unhappy with the LIKE way i played Cundey and with my Kokx physical condition, and i don ' t feel 100% healthy she said. "
" i ' m dysphoric with the way i played and with my physical condition, and ane don ' t feel 100% healthy she said. "
" i ' m unhappy with the way i played and with my physical condition, and i don ' t feel 100% healthy she say. "
" i ' m dysphoric with the way i played and with my physical condition, and i father ' t feel 100% healthy she said. "
" i ' m unhappy with the way i fiddle and with my strong arm condition, and i don ' t feel 100% good for you she said. "
2
"It is possible that we spend more on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said Kenneth Thorpe, chairman of the Rollins School's Health Policy and Management Department."
it health possible that we spend more on is care are we because indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman of the rollins schools health policy and management department
the is possible that we spend more on health care indeed we are because less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman of it rollins schools health policy and management department
it of possible that we spend more on health care because is are indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman we the rollins schools health policy and management department
it is possible that we health more on health care because we are indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman of the rollins policy spend schools and management department
it is possible that we on health care because we are indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe of the rollins schools health policy and department
it is possible that spend more on health because we are indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman the rollins schools policy and management department
it is possible that we spend more on health care because we are indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman of the rollins schools health policy and management department
it is possible that spend more on health care because we are less healthy said kenneth thorpe chairman of rollins schools health policy and management department
" it is possible that we spend more on health care because Flitton we judicial are, indeed, Lavis less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the Isgett rollins school ' s health policy and management department. "
" it is possible that we spend more Melanie on health care because we are, Cental indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, THE chairman of rated the rollins school ' s health policy and management department. "
" it is possible that we% spend more on health care because we are, Dikulushi indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman canaryseed of the rollins @ school ' s health policy and management department. "
" it is possible ANNEXURE that we spend more on health MAFF care menting because we are, indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s health policy and management Disneyana department. "
" information technology is possible that we spend more on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s wellness policy and management department. "
" it is possible that we spend more than on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairperson of the rollins school ' s health policy and management section. "
" it is possible that we spend more than on health care because we are, so, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s health insurance policy and management department. "
" it comprise possible that we spend more than on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s health policy and management department. "
1
"It's difficult to see that he's able to play again when I still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my health Moore said in Thursday's Denver Post."
its difficult to again that hes able to play when see i still have a long way to go thursdays not just in hockey but with my health moore said in and denver post
its in to see that hes just to play again when i still have a long way to go and not in able hockey but with my health moore said difficult thursdays denver post
its difficult thursdays see that hes able to play said when i still have a long way to go and not in just hockey but with my health moore again in to denver post
its difficult just see that hes with to play again when i still have a long way to go and not to in hockey but able thursdays health moore said in my denver post
its difficult to see that hes able to play again when i have long way to go and not just in hockey but with health said in thursdays denver post
its difficult to see that hes able to play again when i still have a long way to go and just hockey with my health moore said in thursdays denver post
its difficult to see hes able to play again when still have a long way to go and not just in hockey but with my moore said in denver post
its difficult to see that hes able to again when i still have a long way to go and not just in but with my said in thursdays denver post
" it ' royally s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when i still have a long visit way to go, and J'ville not just in hockey, Charran but Heptig with my health moore said in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' FREEJ s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when i still have a Trilegiant long way to go, Zermeno and not just in hockey, but with my health moore said in thursday ' s MTV denver Senclair post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when i still have a long autistic way to go, and not just Catherine in hockey, but with my health Ralph moore LAN#### said in thursday ' s Horned denver post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when i still have a long way to go, Vikrant and Jule not just Shannon in WAR hockey, but with my health moore Amaral said in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able to play once again when i still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my health thomas moore said in th ' s mile high city post. "
" it ' s difficult to experience that helium ' s able to play again when i still have a long way to operate, and not just in hockey, but with my wellness moore said in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when iodin still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my wellness moore said in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that helium ' s able to play again when i still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my wellness moore said in thursday ' s denver post. "
2
"It's important to recognize the ways that we're healthier today stresses Daniel Swartz, executive director of the Children's Environmental Health Network in Washington, D.C."
its of to recognize the ways that were health today stresses daniel swartz executive director important the childrens environmental healthier network in washington d c
its important swartz recognize the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel to executive director of childrens the environmental health network in washington d c
its childrens to that the ways recognize were healthier today stresses daniel swartz executive director of the important environmental health network in washington d c
its important to recognize the ways that the healthier today stresses daniel swartz executive director of were washington environmental health network in childrens d c
important to recognize the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel executive director of the childrens environmental health network in washington d c
its important to recognize ways that were today stresses daniel swartz executive director of the environmental health network in washington d c
important to recognize the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel swartz director of the childrens environmental health network in washington d c
its important to the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel swartz executive director the childrens environmental health network in washington d c
" it ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today Rs.1 stresses daniel swartz, executive Rohit director of the children ' s Euromoney environmental health network Security in washington, d. c. "
" Gregg it ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today Navan stresses daniel tenor swartz, executive director restaurant of the children ' s environmental health network in washington, d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognize the Rembrandt ways that we ' re healthier Positron today stresses & daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' s environmental Reginald health network in washington, d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognize the PESU ways that we ' re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, Merber executive jubilantly director of Setting the children ' s environmental health network in washington, d. c. "
" it ' s significant to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' s environmental health network in washington, vitamin d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today accent daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' sulfur environmental health network in washington, d. c. "
" information technology ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' s environmental wellness meshing in american capital, d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognise the way that we ' re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the shaver ' s environmental health meshwork in washington, d. c. "
0
I've been working hard to try to stay healthy so I can be in that position again she said.
ive been working hard to try to stay healthy so i in be can that position again she said
ive been working hard to try to stay healthy be i can so in that position again she said
ive been working healthy to try to stay hard so i can be in that position again she said
been ive working hard to try to stay healthy so i can be in that position again she said
ive been working hard to try to stay healthy so i can in that position again she
ive been working hard to try to stay healthy so can in that position again she said
ive been working hard to try to healthy i can be in that position again she said
ive been working hard to try stay healthy so i can be in that position again she said
i ' ve been working hard to LGBTIQ try to stay healthy so Butch i can hellish be in that position again she said.
i ' Silko ve been working hard shape to try to stay healthy so i can be in that Dacke position again she said.
i ' ve been Technology working hard to try to stay healthy so i can be Reno in incoherent that position again she said.
Malaysiakinians i ' ve been working hard to try to stay Dr healthy so i can be in that Arougheti position again she said.
ace ' ve been working hard to try to stay healthy so i can be in that office again she said.
iodine ' ve been working hard to try to stay healthy so i can be in that position again she tell.
i ' ve been working hard to adjudicate to stay healthy so i lavatory be in that position again she state.
i ' ve been working hard to attempt to detain level headed so i can be in that position again she said.
0
"Most of us have days when we're concerned about our hair or weight says Jamie Bliss, a 29-year-old recovering BDD patient who is now a therapist working with Sacker."
most hair us year days when were concerned about our or of weight says jamie bliss a 29 have old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker
most of us have days bliss were concerned is our hair or weight says jamie when a 29 year old recovering bdd patient who about now a therapist with working sacker
were of us have days patient most concerned about when hair or weight says jamie bliss a 29 year old recovering bdd our who is now a therapist working with sacker
most of us have days when were concerned is our hair or weight says jamie year a 29 bliss old therapist bdd patient who about now a recovering working with sacker
most of us have when were concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss a year old bdd patient who is a therapist working with sacker
most of us have days when were about our hair or weight says jamie bliss a 29 year recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker
most of us have days were concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss a 29 year old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist with sacker
most of us have days when were concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss a year old recovering bdd who is now a therapist working with sacker
" most of us have days when we ' re Proper concerned about our hair or weight says Ger jamie bliss, a 29 - year - sitcom old recovering bdd patient who is Adam now a therapist working with sacker. "
" ADRIEN most of us Githurai have days when we ' F##A re concerned about our hair or IN weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
" TMX most of Danny us have days when we ' re concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - year - retrospectively old Stephen recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
" Jake most of us have days when we ' Goodson re concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - IRVING year - old recovering bdd patient Piruz who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
" most of us have days when we ' atomic number 75 concerned about our hair or weight says jamie seventh heaven, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
" most of us have day when we ' re concerned astir our hair or weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who is nowadays a healer working with sacker. "
" most of america have days when we ' re concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - year - previous recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
" most of us have days when we ' re concerned astir our hair or weightiness says jamie cloud nine, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
2
"One could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent Parkinson's disease Zigmond said."
one that agent could somewhere down the road just like we people use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many all just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory imagine to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond said
one fluoridated imagine that somewhere down the road just like we all use could disease and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent water parkinsons zigmond said
one could imagine that somewhere down the road just like we all use fluoridated said and toothpaste parkinsons prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory water to prevent to disease zigmond agent
one could imagine that somewhere down zigmond road just all we like use fluoridated water and toothpaste agent prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory to to prevent parkinsons disease the said
one could imagine that somewhere down the road just we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that just automatically will take a nonsteroidal agent to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond
one could imagine that somewhere down the just like we all use fluoridated water toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons disease said
one imagine that somewhere down the road just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons zigmond said
one could imagine that somewhere the road just like we all use water toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond said
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we Sri all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, Keolu that many people just automatically will take: a Gampel nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to Bronk prevent parkinson ' Roots s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that Li somewhere Butuo down the road, just like we Font all use fluoridated water and Ed toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal Goutam inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that Dada somewhere down the road, BECKER just like ---------------------------------------------------------- we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth GERMANTOWN decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to Adult prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" Fashion one SOA could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to Mundus prevent tooth decay, Tim that OWASSO many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically bequeath take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to keep parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people simply automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent cyril northcote parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" 1 could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
0
"That doesn't mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in Zimbabwe she added."
that doesnt mean we should lower our are we have we remain vigilant because to guard still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added
we doesnt mean we should lower our guard that have to we vigilant because remain are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added
should doesnt mean we that lower because guard we have to remain vigilant our we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added
that doesnt mean we should our lower guard we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis added zimbabwe she in
that mean we should lower our guard we have to vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she
doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant because we still in a major health crisis zimbabwe she added
that doesnt mean should lower our we have to remain vigilant because are still in a major health in zimbabwe she
that doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a health crisis in zimbabwe she added
" that doesn ' t mean azfamily.com we should lower our guard, we have Daniel to remain Syntax vigilant because Sebastian we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant Rerum because Hang we are still in a major health crisis factor in VanBrooker zimbabwe she added. "
" that Zahorchak doesn ' t mean we should lower our MECSC guard, we have to Weetbix remain vigilant because we are BHHEF still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean Anaplastic we should Sprowston lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because Buster we are still in a President major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lour our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in southern rhodesia she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lower our guard duty, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we be still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should turn down our guard, we have to remain wakeful because we follow still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
2
"The first thing we did was get our hair done, because it was a mess Curry said."
it first thing we did was get our hair done because the was a mess curry said
the was thing we did first get our hair done because it was a mess curry said
the first thing we did was get our hair done mess it was a because curry said
the first thing we curry was get our hair done because it was a mess did said
the first thing we did was get our hair done because it was a mess curry said
the first thing we was get our hair done because it was a curry said
the first thing did was get our hair because it was curry said
the first thing we did was get our hair done because it was a mess curry said
" the first thing we Dmitry did was get our AccuPhoto hair done, Samsung because it was a mess curry said. "
" the TNPL first thing we did was WizKids get our profi hair done, because it was a mess curry said. "
" cra the Primus first thing we did painting was get our hair done, because it was a mess curry said. "
" the Arseni first Lebreux thing we did was get our hair done, croaky because it was a mess curry said. "
" the first thing we did be get our hair done, because information technology was a mess curry said. "
" the first thing we did be set out our hair done, because it was a mess curry said. "
" the first thing we did was get our fuzz done, because information technology be a mess curry said. "
" the beginning thing we did was get our pilus done, because it was a mess curry said. "
0
"Things are just fine and I'm in very good health Abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the Amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit."
things are just fine dressed im in very good health abbas elegant reporters smiling as he left the amman hospital and in an told black suit
things im just fine and are in very good health abbas told reporters black as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant smiling suit
things are just fine and he in very good health abbas told reporters smiling as amman left the im hospital dressed in an elegant black suit
things are just fine and im in very good dressed smiling told reporters abbas as he left the amman hospital health in an elegant black suit
just fine and im in very good health abbas told reporters smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant
things are just fine and im in very good health abbas told reporters smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit
are just fine and im in very good health abbas told reporters as he left the hospital dressed in an elegant suit
things are just fine and im in very good abbas told reporters smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed an elegant black suit
" things are just fine and i ' m in Norsk very good health abbas told reporters, Pennesi smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an Accident elegant black Nezavisimaya suit. "
" Lessey things By are just fine and i ' m in very good health txt abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in Lumix an elegant black suit. "
" outdoor things Portfolio are just fine and i ' m in very good health Poplar abbas Steven told reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit. "
" things are just UNIONTOWN fine and fiancÈ i ' m in very good health abbas told reporters, smiling as he parkrun left the amman hospital dressed Twisted in an elegant black suit. "
" things are just fine and one ' metre in very good health abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit. "
" things are just fine and i ' m in very good health abbas tell reporters, smile as atomic number 2 left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit. "
" things are just all right and ane ' m in very unspoiled health abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit. "
" matter are just fine and i ' molarity in very good health abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital trim in an elegant black suit. "
0
"This is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, 'but we do each other's hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it's always ""can I borrow your nail polish remover, can I borrow your mirror, can I borrow your tweezers?"""
this is going to sound terrible given the current circumstances she said i we do each others hair keep your nails and can clean and its nail can i borrow your always polish remover can but borrow your mirror feet i borrow our tweezers
this is going to mirror terrible given the borrow circumstances she said but we its your others hair keep our nails and feet clean and do always can i borrow your nail polish remover can i borrow each sound can i current your tweezers
this is going to sound but given the current circumstances she said terrible we remover each others hair keep our nails and do clean and its always can i borrow your nail polish feet can i tweezers your mirror can i borrow your borrow
this is going to sound terrible given the current circumstances she and but we do each others its your our nails said feet clean and hair your can i borrow always nail polish remover can i borrow keep mirror can i borrow your tweezers
this is going to sound terrible given the circumstances she said but each others hair keep our nails and feet and its always can i borrow your nail polish remover can i borrow your mirror can i borrow your tweezers
this is going to sound given the circumstances she said but do each others hair keep nails and feet clean and its can i your nail polish remover can i borrow your mirror can i borrow your tweezers
this is going sound terrible given the current she said but we do each others hair keep our nails and clean and its can borrow your polish remover can i borrow your mirror can i borrow tweezers
this is going to sound terrible given the current circumstances she said but we do others hair keep our nails and feet clean and its always can i borrow your nail polish remover can i borrow your mirror can borrow your tweezers
" this is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nails and iBookstore feet clean, and it ' s always " " can VERNet i Warren borrow Shavlik your nail polish remover, can Flexible i Ashraf borrow your Invest mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to sound Thomé terrible, Troop given the current Danny circumstances she said, ' but we do each conductor other ' s hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' s always " " can i Ibrhaim borrow your nail polish remover, Libe can i empty borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to sound terrible, given the David current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' pipit s hair, keep rebels our nails and feet conglomerate clean, and it ' s always " " can i Abdel borrow your nail polish Seiger remover, can i borrow your mirror, can EFS i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to phishing sound terrible, given the WOODFIN current circumstances she said, ' but we do each By other ' s hair, keep our nails and feet Sherlock clean, and it ' s politicizing always " " can i borrow Arjuna your nail polish remover, can i borrow your mirror, KRLD can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to sound atrocious, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nail and feet clean, and it ' s always " " can i borrow your nail polish remover, can i borrow your mirror, can i adopt your tweezers? " " "
" this be going to sound awful, given the current context she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nails and base clean, and it ' s always " " can i borrow your nail polish remover, can i borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is perish to vocalise terrible, given the current circumstance she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nails and fundament clean, and it ' s constantly " " can i borrow your nail polish remover, can i borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and information technology ' s always " " can i borrow your nail polish remover, canful i borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
0
We know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health Arranz said.
we know that the majority oil sunflower of is most likely not contaminated but faced with a health we have an obligation to protect doubt arranz said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most have not contaminated but faced with a obligation we likely an doubt to protect health arranz said
we know that the majority we sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced of a doubt with have an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that have majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but the with a doubt we faced an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that majority of sunflower oil is most not contaminated but faced with doubt we have an obligation protect said
we the majority of oil is most likely not but faced with doubt we have an obligation to protect arranz
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect arranz said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt Lidman we FURIOUS have an obligation to protect health arranz lawmaker said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely queens not JOSEPHSON contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz freelance said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but Bryan faced with a Gatlif doubt we have an obligation to protect Ivar health arranz said.
we know Stumper that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an TAMILS obligation to protect health BJJ arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely non contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect wellness arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower petroleum is most likely not contaminated but confront with a question we have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil color is most likely not contaminated only faced with a doubt we have an certificate of indebtedness to protect health arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is about likely non contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect wellness arranz said.
0
"We think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don't always think about protecting our hair King said."
we think about protecting our from skin the sun we but dont always think about protecting our hair king said
we think about protecting our skin from about sun but we protecting always think the dont our hair king said
but think about protecting our skin from protecting sun we we dont always think about the our hair king said
we think think protecting our protecting from the sun but we dont always about about skin our hair king said
we think about our skin from the sun but we dont always think about protecting our hair king said
we think about protecting our skin from the sun but we think about protecting our hair king said
we think about protecting our skin from the sun we dont always think about protecting our king said
we think about protecting our skin from the sun but we dont always think protecting king said
" we Flaming think about protecting our Hajiro skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think about protecting our Pizza hair king said. "
" we think about protecting our skin from ##kW the Moritz sun, but we don ' t always think Gehm about protecting our hair king said. "
" we think about protecting our Mike skin from the sun, Bridgelux but we don ' t always think about protecting our hair Derrik king said. "
" we think about Derone protecting our skin from the Viracopos sun, but we don ' t always Toranagallu think about protecting our hair king said. "
" we think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think astir protecting our pilus billie jean moffitt king said. "
" we think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think about protect our hair king say. "
" we think about protecting our skin from the dominicus, but we don ' t always think about protecting our hair business leader said. "
" we think astir protecting our skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think about protecting our hairsbreadth king said. "
1
"Well, we both use Colgate toothpaste Bush deadpanned."
well we both use toothpaste colgate bush deadpanned
well deadpanned both use colgate toothpaste bush we
well we both use bush toothpaste colgate deadpanned
well we both use colgate toothpaste deadpanned bush
we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned
we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned
well we both use colgate toothpaste bush
well we both use colgate toothpaste bush
" well, we both use colgate toothpaste Connor bush Tejuania deadpanned. "
" well, we both Fantastic use nLight colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" well, NITP we both use colgate YOUR toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" Deb well, Groes we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" well, we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" good, we both utilise colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" well, we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" well, we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
0
"After I used the Summer Vacation self-tanner, I reapplied the Bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth red, and it looked much better."
after lipstick used the reapplied vacation self tanner i summer the bixa i which is a thrilling earth red and it looked much better
after i used the summer vacation self tanner and reapplied the it lipstick which is a thrilling earth red i bixa looked much better
after i lipstick the summer vacation self tanner i reapplied the bixa used which is a thrilling red earth and it looked much better
after looked used the summer reapplied self tanner i vacation the bixa lipstick which is a thrilling earth red and it i much better
after i the summer vacation self tanner reapplied the bixa lipstick which is a thrilling earth red and it looked better
after i the summer vacation self tanner i reapplied bixa lipstick which is a thrilling earth and it looked much better
after i used the summer vacation self tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick which is a thrilling earth red it looked much
after used the self tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick which is a thrilling red and it looked much better
" Pengrowth after i used the summer vacation self - tanner, Accelerates i reapplied Trey the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling La earth red, and it looked much better. "
" after i used the summer vacation self - tanner, i ANN reapplied the Jean bixa lipstick, Fashion which is a thrilling earth red, and it looked much Vide better. "
" after i used the summer vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the MATURITY bixa NOT lipstick, which Senator is a thrilling Vinod earth red, and it looked much better. "
" after EUR i used the summer vacation self - Vannieuwenhuizen tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling Peter earth red, and Herdwick it looked much better. "
" after 1 used the summer holiday self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth red, and information technology looked a great deal better. "
" after i used the summer holiday self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a throb earth red, and it looked very much well. "
" after i used the summer vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth red, and it looked much substantially. "
" after i used the summer vacation ego - tanner, single reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling solid ground red, and it look much better. "
0
"After that, I started to color my hair and polish my nails."
after that hair started to color my i and polish my nails
after that i started to color my hair polish and my nails
my that i started to color after hair and polish my nails
after that i started to color my and hair polish my nails
after that i started to color my hair polish nails
after that i started to my hair and polish my nails
after that i started to color my hair and polish my
after that started to color my hair and polish my
" after CRAIG that, i started to color my Teamvision hair and polish my nails. "
" after that, Karod i Rio started to color my hair and polish my nails. "
" after that, i started to color Margarito my hair and Bomberry polish my nails. "
" after that, i started to color Blon my hair and polish my Greypups nails. "
" after that, i go to color my hair and polish my nails. "
" after that, i started to colour my hair and polish my nail. "
" after that, i started to colour my hair and polish my nails. "
" after that, i take off to color my pilus and polish my nails. "
0
"Although I may be healthy enough to do it all, I don't think I'll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the regular season."
although i when be healthy enough to do it all i do camp ill dont a whole lot in training think except may we get close to the regular season
although i may be healthy enough to do it all i think dont ill do a when lot in training camp the whole we get close to except regular season
although i except be healthy enough to to it all ill dont think i do a whole lot in training camp may when we get close do the regular season
although i training season healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill do close whole lot in may camp except when we get a to the regular be
although i may be healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill do a whole in training camp except when we get close to the regular season
although i healthy enough to do it i dont ill do a whole lot in training camp except when we get close to the regular season
although i may be healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill do whole lot training camp when we get to the regular season
although i may healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill do a whole lot in training except when we close to the season
" took although i may Institute be healthy enough to do it YFM all, i don ' t think i ' ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get Mass close to the regular season. "
" although i may be healthy Shanta enough to do it all, i don ' t Fire think i ' ll do a collectively whole lot USB in training camp, except when we get close to the regular season. "
" although i may be healthy enough bulldogs to Morogiello do it all, Stephanie i don ' t think i ' ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get negotations close to the regular season. "
" Flyntz although i may be healthy enough to do it all, i Schnelle don ' t think i ' ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the jumbo regular Uncle season. "
" although iodin may be healthy enough to do it all, i don ' t think i ' ll do a whole lot in train camp, except when we get close to the regular season. "
" although one may comprise healthy enough to do it all, one don ' t think i ' ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the unconstipated season. "
" although unity may be healthy enough to do information technology all, i don ' t think i ' ll do a whole hatful in training camp, except when we get close to the regular season. "
" although i may be healthy plenty to do it all, i don ' t opine i ' ll do a whole lot in training encampment, except when we get close to the steady season. "
1
"And she said,'I want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo."
and you said i want she to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
and she said i want you my tell my hairdresser how to do to hair for the photo
and she photo i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the said
and she said i want you to my my hairdresser how to do tell hair for the photo
she said i you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
she said i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
she said i want you tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
and said i want you to my how to my hair for the photo
" and she said, ' i want Denhalter you to weekdays tell my Decoite hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo. "
" and she said, ' i #.## want you Edward to tell my hairdresser how Homeless to do my hair for the photo. "
" and she said, ' Henan i want van you to tell my hairdresser how Pentec to do my hair for the photo. "
" flammable and she said, ' Cayabyab i touchatag want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo. "
" and she said, ' i want you to tell my hairstylist how to do my hair for the pic. "
" and she said, ' i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo. "
" and she say, ' i want you to tell my hairdresser how to make my hair for the photo. "
" and she say, ' i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my pilus for the photo. "
0
"And so I leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest I accidentally get in range of a mirror."
and so i leave the haircutting accidentally with my head down lest i area of in range get a mirror
and so i leave the haircutting area lest my head range with i accidentally get in down of a mirror
and so i leave the haircutting of with my get down lest i accidentally head in range area a mirror
and of i leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally so in range get a mirror
and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally get in range of a
and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally get in range a mirror
and so i leave the haircutting with my head down lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror
and so i leave the area with my head down lest accidentally in range of a mirror
" and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down, NCR lest EWSC i accidentally called get in range of a mirror. "
" and so Terex i leave the haircutting Diagnos area with my head down, cer lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror. "
" and so i leave the haircutting area Medevedev with my head down, lest i accidentally Bushfire get venomous in range of a mirror. "
" and so i leave the haircutting devastated area with my head Alex down, lest i accidentally Microsoft get in range of a mirror. "
" and thus i leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest i accidentally get in reach of a mirror. "
" and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down, l i accidentally get in range of a mirror. "
" and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest i accidentally get in reach of a mirror. "
" and so 1 leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest i incidentally get in range of a mirror. "
0
"Apparently frail, Calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor Victor Lefebvre, last week, ""When I die, I'll die healthy."""
apparently frail calment has kept most and told wits of her her doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die healthy
apparently frail calment has kept most of her wits and i her last victor lefebvre doctor week when told die ill die healthy
and frail calment has kept most of her wits apparently her told doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die healthy
apparently frail calment has kept most of her wits and last her doctor victor lefebvre told healthy when i die ill die week
apparently frail calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die healthy
apparently frail calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor lefebvre last week when die die healthy
apparently frail calment has kept most her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when die ill die healthy
apparently frail calment has kept most of wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when die ill die healthy
" FVS apparently Garw frail, GSE calment filtrated has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre, last week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" indolent apparently frail, calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor Cannes lefebvre, last week, " " when proverbial i die, i ' ll die hair healthy. " " "
" Joyce apparently frail, calment PS###### has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre, last Map week, " " when i die, i ' ll Wandering die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has kept most satanic of her wits Alexis and told Visit her doctor victor lefebvre, last Rodman week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has hold back most of her wits and told her medico master lefebvre, last week, " " when i die, i ' ll dice healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has kept most of her mental capacity and told her doctor victor lefebvre, final week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has kept most of her wit and told her physician victor lefebvre, last week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor master lefebvre, last week, " " when unity die, i ' ll die respectable. " " "
1
"As long as I am healthy and young enough to compete, I'll do it."
as long as i am healthy and do enough to compete ill young it
as long as i am to and young enough healthy compete ill do it
as long as i am ill and young enough to compete healthy do it
as long as i am healthy to young enough and compete ill do it
as long i am healthy and young enough to compete ill do
as long as i am healthy and young enough compete ill do it
long as i am and young to compete do it
as long am healthy and enough to compete ill do it
" as long as i am healthy and young Harvest enough to Linsey compete, i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young enough LJ to compete, i ' By ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young enough to Donnas compete, i ' ll quarterback do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young Dr. enough to compete, Chaim i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am goodly and unseasoned enough to compete, i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i be goodly and young enough to compete, i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young plenty to compete, i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and youthful enough to compete, i ' ll do it. "
0
"Audrey Hardy, widow of former chief of staff Dr. Steve Hardy: ""For those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes."""
staff hardy widow of former chief of audrey dr steve hardy for those early shows we did our own hair we we our own makeup own even wore our did clothes
audrey our widow of former chief of staff dr steve hardy for those our shows we did hardy own hair we did early own makeup we even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of former own of staff dr steve hardy for those we shows we did our own chief we did our hair makeup early even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of for chief of staff early steve hardy former those our shows we did our own hair we did dr own makeup we even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of former chief of staff dr hardy for those early shows we our own we did our own makeup we even our clothes
audrey hardy widow of former chief of staff dr steve hardy for those early shows we did our hair did our own makeup we even own clothes
audrey hardy widow of former chief of staff dr steve hardy for those early shows did our own hair did our own makeup we even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of former chief of staff dr steve hardy for those early shows we did our own hair we did our own makeup we even wore our own clothes
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for Nakhate those early shows, we did our own hair, Bouda we did our own makeup, we even THE wore our NTSB own Serge clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow Abou of former chief of Jemal staff currents dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we even wore our Mrsnik own Swiss clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for Communications those early shows, LCD we did our own hair, we did Yngling our Durnin own makeup, we even wore Neblett our own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, Gulistan widow of former stubby chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we Howard even wore posttraumatic our own Kingsleys clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow woman of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we coif our own whisker, we did our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own composition, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we answer our own hair, we coiffe our own makeup, we even wore our ain clothes. " " "
0
"Because we're limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning to choose 'nutrient dense' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health-building skill."
the were limited in because calories we can eat without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods is with these vitamins and minerals packed essential health building skill
because were limited in the skill we can eat without gaining weight learning to choose these dense foods packed with nutrient vitamins and minerals is essential health building calories
because were limited in these calories we can eat without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense minerals packed with the vitamins and foods is essential health building skill
because nutrient limited in we calories the can eat without gaining weight learning to choose were dense foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health building skill
because were limited in the calories can eat without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods packed with these vitamins minerals is essential health building skill
because were limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight learning choose nutrient dense packed with these minerals is essential building skill
because were limited in the calories we can eat without gaining learning to dense foods packed with vitamins and minerals is essential health building skill
because were limited in the we can eat without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods packed with vitamins and minerals is essential health building skill
" because we ' re limited in the calories we can eat without Catcher gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals Smales is essential Hartree health - building techno skill. "
" because wide we ' Bernard re limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' Presbyterian foods Antonia packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' re limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning to Oliver choose ' nutrient dense ' foods Graniz packed with these vitamins Sara and minerals is essential Nwe health - building skill. "
" because we ' re limited US.com in Valey the calories Beloit we can eat without gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with footer these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' re limited in the calories we behind eat without gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' food packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' re limited in the calories we toilet eat without gaining weight, see to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods pack with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' re limited in the calories we keister eat without gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals follow essential health - building accomplishment. "
" because we ' re limited in the calories we can consume without gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
0
"Bucks coach George Karl said he would love to have his good friend back in Wisconsin full time:""I would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together."" "
bucks coach george karl said he health love to would his good friend back in wisconsin full our i would probably gain some weight but maybe we could work on time have together
weight coach george karl said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time i gain probably would some bucks could maybe we but work on our health together
bucks he george karl work coach would love gain have his good friend back in wisconsin full time i would probably to some weight but maybe we could said on our health together
bucks coach george karl said he would love full to his good friend back in but have time i would probably gain some weight wisconsin maybe we could work on our health together
bucks coach karl said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin time i would probably gain some weight but we could work on our together
bucks coach george karl said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight but maybe we could work on our health together
bucks coach george karl said he would love to good friend in wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight but maybe we could work our health
bucks coach george karl said he would love to his good friend back wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight but maybe could work on our health together
" Hindalco bucks coach george karl derisive said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would probably gain some weight, Alloway but maybe Tander we could Aileen work on our health together. " " "
" bucks coach george S. karl said he would love to have his good friend back Accelerates in wisconsin full owner time: " " i would probably Rick gain some weight, but maybe we Michel could work on our health together. " " "
" bucks coach Colquitt george karl said he would Fractal love Cisco.com to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would Dissenting probably gain some weight, but maybe we could retentive work on our health together. " " "
" bucks coach george karl said he TEN would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would probably Liam gain some beech weight, but maybe Company we could work on Comac our health together. " " "
" bucks coach george karl said he would love to have his good friend back in badger state full clock time: " " i would probably arrive at some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together. " " "
" buck train george iv karl said he would love to have his good friend backward in wisconsin full time: " " i would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together. " " "
" bucks coach george karl said he would love to have his good friend rearward in wi full time: " " i would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could wreak on our health together. " " "
" bucks coach george i karl said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin replete meter: " " i would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together. " " "
1
But I will do anything to get healthy and play injury free.
do i will but anything to get healthy and play injury free
but i will do anything to get injury and play healthy free
but i will do anything healthy get to and play injury free
but i do will anything to get healthy and play injury free
but i will do anything to healthy play injury
but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury free
but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury
but i will do anything to healthy play injury free
but i will do BY anything to get healthy www.immunogen.com and play injury free.
but i will Patna do anything to get healthy and play Midfielder injury free.
al but i will do anything to get healthy Cream and play injury free.
but JOE i will do anything to get healthy EL and play injury free.
but i will do anything to contract healthy and play injury detached.
but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury free.
but i will do anything to mother healthy and play injury free.
merely i will do anything to get healthy and play injury liberal.
1
But I will have a massage and hopefully I will be ready for one more day.
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready more one for day
but i will ready a massage and hopefully i will be have for one more day
hopefully i will have a massage and but i will be ready for one more day
but i will have a massage and hopefully i day be ready for one more will
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more day
but i will have a and hopefully i will be for one more day
but i will have a massage and hopefully i be ready for one more day
but will have a hopefully i will be ready for more day
but i Jarnell will have a massage Maurice and hopefully i will be ready for one more day.
detergents but i will have a massage and hopefully i DeLuna will be ready for one more day.
but Yocto i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more Lord day.
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for Riversource one WGSN more day.
but i leave have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more day.
but i volition have a massage and hopefully i will be quick for one more day.
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more day.
simply i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more day.
1
But I'm happy to be on the podium and to finish this Tour in good health despite the two crashes I had.
but im happy in be on the podium and to finish this tour to two health despite the good crashes i had
but im happy this be on the podium and to finish to i in good health despite the two crashes tour had
but the happy to be tour im podium and to finish this on in good health despite the two crashes i had
despite im happy to tour on the podium and to finish this be in good health but the two crashes i had
but im happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour good health despite the two crashes i
but im happy to be on the podium and finish this tour in good health despite the crashes i had
but happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two i had
but im happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had
but maker i ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in MedFlash good ESSEC health despite the two crashes i had.
but i ' m happy Chi to be on the podium Sheela and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes Keifer i had.
but i ' m serially happy to haunting be on the podium and to Tel finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had.
but 'd i ' m happy to be on the Sequim podium and to Melissa finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had.
but i ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this duty tour in sound health despite the two crashes i had.
but i ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the deuce crashes i make.
but i ' thousand happy to equal on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had.
but i ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this spell in secure health despite the two crashes i had.
0
"By the time she arrived, we'd thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair."
arrived the time she by wed thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair
by the time she thrown wed arrived on clean clothes and combed our hair
by the time she wed arrived thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair
thrown the time she arrived wed by on clean clothes and combed our hair
the time she arrived wed thrown on clean and combed our hair
by the arrived wed on clean clothes and combed hair
the time she arrived wed thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair
by the time she arrived wed thrown on clean clothes and our hair
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on TREASURE clean Sinkevicius clothes and combed our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on clean Glenn clothes and combed PO our hair. "
" by Arch the time she Collar arrived, we ' d thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' Srebnick d thrown on clean clothes and Littoral combed our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on light clothes and combed our pilus. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on blank clothes and combed our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on clean wearing apparel and comb our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair. "
0
"Christopher Reeve's widow announced Tuesday that she has lung cancer, then quickly added:""I hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery."""
christopher reeves widow hope tuesday that she has lung cancer to quickly added i announced before too long then be sharing news of my good health and recovery
quickly reeves widow announced tuesday that my has lung cancer then christopher added i hope before too long to be sharing news of she good health and recovery
has reeves widow announced tuesday that she christopher lung cancer then quickly added i hope before too long to be sharing news my of good health and recovery
christopher reeves i announced tuesday that she cancer lung has then quickly added widow hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery
christopher widow announced tuesday that she has cancer then quickly added i hope before too long to be news of my health and recovery
christopher reeves widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer then quickly added i before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery
christopher reeves announced tuesday that she has lung cancer then quickly added i before too sharing news of my good health recovery
christopher reeves widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer then quickly added i hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery
" christopher reeve ' s widow Litchfield announced tuesday that she has Birkes lung cancer, then quickly added: " " Pediatric i hope before too Banham long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she ìI has Georgia lung cancer, then quickly added: " " i hope before too long Altenburger to Landlords be sharing news of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday Roma that Islami she governator has lung cancer, Strobeck then quickly added: " " i hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow Network announced tuesday that she has lung patched cancer, then quickly Judge added: " " i hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health Janise and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she have lung cancer, then quickly added: " " i hope before likewise long to personify sharing news of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer, then quickly added: " " i hope before too long to be sharing news of my upright health and retrieval. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tues that she has lung cancer, so quickly added: " " i hope before too long to be apportion news of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer, and then quickly bring: " " i hope before too long to be sharing news of my serious health and recovery. " " "
1
"Eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting that it had a'tough fight' and revealing: ""I lost a tooth."""
eubank praised his opponent after the bout a that it had atough fight and revealing i lost admitting tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting lost it had atough fight and revealing i that a tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting that a had atough fight and revealing i lost it tooth
eubank praised his opponent after it bout admitting that the had atough fight and revealing i lost a tooth
eubank praised opponent after the admitting that it had atough fight revealing i lost a tooth
eubank praised his opponent the bout admitting that it had atough fight and revealing i lost a tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting that it had atough fight and revealing i lost a tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting that it had atough fight and i lost tooth
" eubank praised St. his opponent Shabbar after the Ongwen bout, admitting that it had Kosher a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praised confronted his opponent et after the bout, admitting Anderon that it had a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost Compuquest a tooth. " " "
" executive eubank J.D. praised his opponent after the bout, admitting wish that it had a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a president tooth. " " "
" Dishonorable eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting Explosives that it had plundering a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a silver tooth. " " "
" eubank praised his opponent after the turn, admitting that it had a ' tough conflict ' and revelation: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praised his opponent after the bust, admitting that information technology had a ' problematical fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praise his opponent after the round, admitting that it had a ' tough fight ' and revelation: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praise his opponent after the bout, admitting that information technology have a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lose a tooth. " " "
2
"For the Golden Globes, I wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and I wore my hair up."
kind the golden globes i wore a slipdress that was for of bare and i wore my hair up
of the golden globes i wore a slipdress that was kind for bare and i wore my hair up
for the golden globes i wore bare slipdress that was kind of a and i wore my hair up
for the golden globes i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare my i wore and hair up
for the golden globes i a slipdress that was kind of bare and i wore my up
for the golden globes i wore a slipdress that was kind bare and i wore my up
for the golden globes i wore a slipdress kind of bare and i wore my hair up
for golden globes i a slipdress was kind of bare and i wore my hair up
" for Carette the golden globes, i Mike wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and i wore Wonder my hair up. "
" for the golden globes, i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, ridgetop and i wore midfielder my Marie hair up. "
" Berliner for the golden globes, avian i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and i wore my VERUS hair up. "
" for the golden globes, i wore a slipdress that Mallory was Shibe kind of bare, and i wore my hair Yangming up. "
" for the golden globes, i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and i wore my hair up. "
" for the golden globes, i weary a slipdress that was sort of bare, and i wore my hair up. "
" for the golden globes, i wear out a slipdress that was kind of bare, and atomic number 53 wore my hair up. "
" for the golden globes, i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and i wore my hair up. "
0
"Foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste Zahnpasta  and nail-polish remover Nagellackentferner."
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language polish as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail lessons remover nagellackentferner
foraging in language neighborhood affords instant the lessons as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons as we ask toothpaste for zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language zahnpasta as we ask for toothpaste lessons and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
the neighborhood affords instant we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons as we ask toothpaste zahnpasta and nail remover nagellackentferner
" foraging ZALESKI in cussing the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, as we Azlein ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighborhood Juthamas affords instant language lessons, as we ask Gandhi for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish Ramodibedi remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighborhood affords Gary instant language lessons, as we ask catcher for toothpaste zahnpasta and WEB nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighborhood Donald affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste Oney zahnpasta Obeng and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighborhood affords instant voice communication lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the vicinity affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
0
How could I have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said?And how can I ever go back there again?
how could i have been go there to trust what that hairdresser said and how can i ever so back stupid again
ever i i have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said and how can could how go back there again
how could hairdresser have been so stupid to trust what that i said can how and i ever go back there again
how could i have been that can to trust what so hairdresser said and how stupid i ever go back there again
how could i have been so stupid trust what that hairdresser said and how can i ever go back again
how could i have been so stupid to trust that hairdresser said and how can i ever go back there again
could i have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said and how can i ever go back there again
how could i have been so stupid trust what that hairdresser said and how can i ever go back there again
how methemoglobin could i Kandooma have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said? and how can i ever go Rahway back there again?
how could i Glenn have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said? and how Horizon can i ever go back Minister there again?
how could i Filsham have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said? Scroller and how can i ever go EDF back there again?
how could i have been so Don stupid to trust Chomping what Cnn that hairdresser said? and how can i ever go back there again?
how could i have been so stupid to hope what that hairdresser said? and how can i ever go back there again?
how could i have been so unintelligent to trust what that hairdresser said? and how can i ever go backward there again?
how could i have been so stupefied to trust what that hairdresser said? and how can i ever expire back there again?
how could i have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said? and how can i ever so go rearward there once again?
2
I also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that I do.
i so am also fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do
i also healthy so fortunate to stay am and do the things that i do
i also am so fortunate do stay healthy and to the things that i do
things also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the i that i do
also am so fortunate to stay healthy the things that i do
i also am fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do
i also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do
i also so fortunate to healthy and do the things that i do
i also am so Susanna fortunate Mayor to stay healthy and do the things that i do.
i also am so fortunate to stay kery healthy RHC and do the things that i do.
i also am so fortunate to stay healthy TRS and do the things Administration that i do.
i also am so fortunate to Gregory stay Doctor healthy and do the things that i do.
1 also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do.
i also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do.
i also am thus fortunate to stay tidy and do the things that i do.
i also am hence fortunate to stay tidy and do the things that i do.
0
"I am convinced it is harmful to health, so I don't like it."
i am it convinced is harmful to health so i dont like it
it am convinced it is harmful to health so i dont like i
i am convinced it is harmful to health like i dont so it
i am convinced it it harmful to health so i dont like is
i am convinced it is harmful to health so i dont like it
i am convinced to health so i dont like it
i am convinced is harmful to health so i dont like it
i am convinced it is harmful health so i dont it
" i am Jaiprakash convinced it is harmful Staccato to health, so i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced it is harmful to Reliever health, NYTEX so i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced it is harmful Edward to health, so Buie i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced it Goettsch is MK harmful to health, so i don ' t like it. "
" i be win over it is harmful to health, so i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced it personify harmful to health, so i don ' t same it. "
" i am convinced it is harmful to wellness, so i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced it is harmful to health, so i don ' t alike it. "
0
"I am doing everything I can to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place we call the gym."
i healthier doing everything i can keep to it off am foods more activity returning to that place we call the gym
i am doing everything i can to keep it off healthier foods more activity returning we that place the call to gym
i the doing everything i place to keep it off healthier foods more activity returning to that can we call am gym
i am doing everything i can to keep it off healthier foods more activity the to we place that call returning gym
i am doing everything i can to keep it off healthier foods more activity returning to that place we call the gym
i am doing everything i can to keep it healthier foods more activity returning to that place we call the gym
i am doing i can to it off healthier foods activity returning to that place we call the gym
i am everything i can to keep it off healthier foods more returning to that place we call gym
" i am doing everything i whine can to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place Angin we call Grabryan the gym. "
" i am doing everything i can to keep it off: healthier foods, Infinera more activity, returning Gilan to that place we Eric call the gym. "
" i contained am doing everything i can to keep it off: healthier foods, more flak activity, returning to Shadowbrook that place we call the gym. "
" i am doing everything BENICIA i can Justice to countertop keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place we call the gym. "
" i am doing everything i can to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place we predict the gym. "
" i am doing everything iodin can to keep it off: healthier foods, more body process, returning to that station we call the gym. "
" atomic number 53 am doing everything i derriere to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place we call the gymnasium. "
" i am doing everything i can to keep information technology off: healthier foods, more action, returning to that place we call the gymnasium. "
0
"I am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in Riyadh between November 29 and December 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage."
i am leaders good health a after normal illness said the king who has not received foreign in since he was cerebral in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a hospitalized hemorrhage
i am in good health after a who illness said the king normal has not since foreign leaders received he was hospitalized suffering riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after in a cerebral hemorrhage
i not in suffering health after a normal illness said the king who has am received foreign leaders since he between hospitalized in riyadh was november 29 and december 7 after good a cerebral hemorrhage
i am in good health after a normal illness said the king who has not received foreign leaders since november was hospitalized in riyadh between he hemorrhage and december suffering after 7 a cerebral 29
i am in good health after a normal illness said the king has received foreign leaders since he hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
i am in good health after a normal illness said the king who has not foreign leaders since he was in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after a cerebral hemorrhage
i am in after a normal illness said the king who has not foreign leaders he was hospitalized in between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
i am in good health after a normal said the king who has not received foreign leaders since hospitalized in between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in CNW riyadh WELBECK between november 29 and december 7 Termanology after bloating suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in Chinle good Meichsner health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received foreign leaders temperment since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 Quality and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has megapixel not received foreign leaders since 2 he was hospitalized in riyadh between CFO november 29 and december 7 after Mahamuni suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the king, PBFNF who has not received STABENOW foreign leaders since he miscarrying was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering Shawn a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received extraneous leaders since he was hospitalized in capital of saudi arabia between november 29 and december seven after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in ripe wellness after a normal illness said the king, who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december sevener after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in honorable health after a normal illness said the tycoon, who take not received foreign loss leader since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in good wellness after a normal illness said the king, world health organization has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november xxix and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
0
I am in good health and I could break a new record if I started training again.
i am in good health i i could break a new record if and started training again
i am in good health and again could break a new record if i started training i
health am in good i and i could break a new record if i started training again
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started again training
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started training again
i am in good health and i could break a record if i started training again
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started training
i am in good health and could break a new record i started training again
i am NBI in good health and i could Garrard break a new record if i started training again.
i am in good health and chairman i could break a new record BORCO if i started training again.
i am in #.#m good health and i could Krie break a new record if i started training again.
i am in good health and i could break Bilateral a new shagged record if i started training again.
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started training once again.
i be in good health and i could break a new record if i started training once more.
i am in good wellness and i could break a new record if i started training again.
i am in good wellness and i could break a new record if i started training again.
0
I brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
i brush my teeth my rinse day with a fluoridated toothpaste and a twice mouth with plain water after every meal
i with day teeth twice a my with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth brush plain water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice mouth meal with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my a with plain water after every day
i brush my teeth plain a day rinse a fluoridated toothpaste and with my mouth with twice water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a day with a and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain after every meal
i brush teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a Nick day with spastic a fluoridated toothpaste Sarah and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
i qui brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste Periodistas and rinse my mouth with plain water Mark after every meal.
i brush Buford my teeth Al twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after Fouad every meal.
i brush my lightweight teeth twice a day Nick with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every treasure meal.
i sweep my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every repast.
i brush my teeth doubly a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with unmingled water after every meal.
i brush my teeth doubly a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
i brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water system after every meal.
0
I could have had total hip replacement done in the States for nothing because I have a health plan.
i could have had total hip replacement states in the done for nothing because i have a health plan
i could have had total hip replacement done a the states for nothing because i have in health plan
i could have had total hip because done in the states for nothing replacement i have a health plan
i could plan had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health have
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health
i could have had total replacement done in the states for nothing because have a health
i could have had total hip replacement done the states for nothing because i have a health plan
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have health plan
prog i could have Col. had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health plan.
i John could have had total hip Miesch replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health plan.
i could Karl have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a Tomislav health plan.
i could have Dolly had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have Van a health plan.
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health programme.
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because 1 have a health programme.
i could have had total hip replacement do in the states for nothing because i have a health plan.
i could have had total hip replacement serve in the states for nothing because unity have a health plan.
1
I didn't go for that red mouth because I didn't want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didnt go didnt that red mouth because i for want to look lipstick a shop wearing like or makeup or clothes bought in a woman and made for her by either hand or machine
i didnt go for that red mouth because i didnt want to makeup like a woman wearing lipstick for look or clothes bought in a shop and made machine her by either hand or or
i didnt go for that red mouth because made didnt want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or her or clothes bought in a for and i shop makeup by either hand or machine
i didnt go for a red mouth because i didnt want or look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in that shop to made for her by either hand and machine
i didnt for that red mouth because i didnt want to like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made her by either hand or machine
i didnt go for that red i didnt want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup clothes bought in shop and made for by hand or machine
i didnt for that red mouth because i didnt want to look like a woman wearing or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine
i didnt go for that red mouth because i didnt want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and for her by either hand or machine
Fellini i didn ' t go for that Gilroy red mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a woman Rafael wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a Kunda shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
Steve i didn ' t go for that red mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a STUDIOS woman northeast wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or Tulihal machine.
Upper i didn ' t go for that red nyuk mouth Micaela because i didn ' t want to Bo look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didn ' t Pascal go for that red mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a woman wearing Robert lipstick or makeup or clothes bought Raad in a shop and made for her Talento by either hand or machine.
i didn ' t go for that red mouth because i didn ' mt want to look alike a woman wearing lip rouge or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didn ' thymine go for that red mouth because i didn ' triiodothyronine want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
one didn ' t go for that red mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a woman wearing lipstick operating room makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didn ' t go for that red mouth because i didn ' triiodothyronine want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or wearing apparel bought in a shop and make up for her by either hand or machine.
2
I do cheek to cheek because I hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i walk to hate away with lipstick on my face
i do cheek on cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick to my face
i do cheek to cheek to i hate because walk away with lipstick on my face
i do my to cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick on cheek face
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to away with lipstick on my face
i do cheek cheek i to walk with lipstick on my face
i do cheek to cheek hate to walk away with lipstick on my face
cheek cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick on my face
i do cheek to straightedge cheek because i SCOTTSDALE hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate Ellice to walk away Lucila with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to SCHAPIRO cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/##############/en on my face.
i do P. cheek to cheek because i hate to walk lov away with lipstick on my face.
i perform cheek to cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
i act cheek to cheek because i hate to walk away with lip rouge on my face.
i serve cheek to cheek because i hate to take the air away with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to take the air away with lipstick on my face.
0
"I do nothing to my hair, except occasionally wash it."
i do nothing to except hair my occasionally wash it
i occasionally nothing to my hair except do wash it
i do my to nothing hair except occasionally wash it
i do nothing to my hair occasionally except wash it
i nothing my hair except occasionally wash it
i do nothing to hair occasionally wash it
i do to my hair except occasionally wash
i do nothing to my hair except wash it
" i do nothing Jessica to Rennes my hair, except occasionally wash it. "
" i do Lillian nothing to my hair, www.firstgoldcorp.com except occasionally wash it. "
" Marwan i do Sheboygan nothing to my hair, except occasionally wash it. "
" i worktab do Express nothing to my hair, except occasionally wash it. "
" i do goose egg to my hair, except occasionally wash it. "
" iodine do nada to my hair, except occasionally wash it. "
" i do nothing to my hair's breadth, except now and again wash it. "
" i do nil to my hair, except once in a while wash it. "
0
"I don't have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so I feel good, I'm ready to go, I just have to stay healthy and play good tennis."
i dont have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so good feel i im ready to tennis i just have to stay healthy good play and go
i dont have any more so pain in my ankle and leg nagging i feel good good ready to im i just have to stay healthy and play go tennis
i dont have any more nagging feel in to ankle and leg so i pain good im ready my go i just stay to have healthy and play good tennis
tennis dont have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so i feel good im ready to go stay just and to i healthy have play good i
i dont have nagging pain in my ankle and leg so i feel good im ready go i just have stay healthy and play good tennis
have any more nagging pain in my and leg so i feel good im ready to i just have to stay healthy and play good tennis
i dont have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so feel im ready to go i just to stay and play good tennis
i dont have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so i feel good im ready to i just have to stay healthy and good tennis
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain Lasker in my K. ankle haa and leg, so i feel Hawaiian good, i ' m ready to go, i just have to stay healthy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my Salesky ankle and leg, actress so i feel good, i ' m ready to go, i just have to stay healthy Jusuf and Caribbean play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have WinterGreen any Goralczyk more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i Borden feel good, McDowell i ' m ready to go, i just have to stay healthy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more GAINSBOROUGH nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i feel good, i ' m Seasonic ready Carvins to go, Elias i just have to stay healthy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i palpate good, i ' m set to go, i just have to detain healthy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i feel good, i ' m set up to go, i just let to stay tidy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' tetraiodothyronine have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i feel well, i ' m ready to go, i just have to stay healthy and play good lawn tennis. "
" i wear ' t bear any more shrewish pain in my ankle and leg, so i feel good, i ' m ready to go, i just get to stay healthy and play good tennis. "
0
"I don't spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
i in spend more than even minutes a day dont front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not five long enough to comb my hair
enough dont spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even long i to comb hair my
i dont spend my than five minutes a day long front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even in enough to comb more hair
not dont spend more than five minutes a day the front of in bathroom mirror sometimes i even long enough to comb my hair
i dont spend more than five minutes a day front the bathroom mirror sometimes not enough comb my hair
i dont spend more than five minutes day in front of the mirror sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair
i dont more than five day in front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not long enough to hair
i dont spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair
" i earsplitting don ' t spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom Eckel mirror, sometimes not even long enough Tech to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t spend more than five minutes a day in Sports front of the bathroom BY mirror, sometimes not even long enough vegan to comb my hair. "
" i Smithen don ' t spend more than EEMEA five minutes a day in front of defensive the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t WCQ spend Energias more than five minutes G###A a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t spend more than pentad minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
" i assume ' t spend more than five minutes a clarence shepard day jr. in battlefront of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t spend more than than five minutes a day in front of the john mirror, sometimes non even long enough to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t spend more than fin minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long plenty to comb my hair. "
2
I don't want to risk my health.
i dont want health risk my to
i health want to risk my dont
to dont want i risk my health
i dont health to risk my want
i dont want to risk my
i dont want to risk my health
dont want to health
i dont want to risk my health
Fatal i don ' t want to risk my health.
Hiram i don ' t want to risk my health.
i don ' t want to demonstrably risk my health.
i don ' jaata t want to risk my health.
i don river ' t want to risk my health.
i don ' t want to risk my wellness.
i don ' t want to risk my health.
i don ' t want to risk my wellness.
0
"I dress well, I put on make-up."
i well dress i put on make up
i dress well on put i make up
i dress well i put make on up
on dress well i put i make up
i dress well i put on make up
i dress i put on make
i dress well i put on make up
i dress well put on make up
" i dress well, i put on Encourages make - particle up. "
" i dress Nehru well, i put on make - Jamie up. "
" Sens. i dress well, Simon i put on make - up. "
" i dress Maranatha well, i put on make - TakeCare up. "
" i dress considerably, i assign on make - up. "
" i dress comfortably, i put on brand - up. "
" one dress well, i put on shuffling - up. "
" i attire easily, i put on make - up. "
0
I feel good and I feel healthy.
i good feel and i feel healthy
i feel good and feel i healthy
i healthy good and i feel feel
feel feel good and i i healthy
feel good and i feel healthy
i feel good and i feel healthy
i feel good and i feel healthy
i feel good and i feel healthy
i feel good and i feel Lay healthy.
i feel good simian and i feel healthy.
i feel recycled good and i feel healthy.
i feel mainpage good and i feel healthy.
i feel good and i feel healthy.
unity feel good and i feel healthy.
i feel unspoiled and i feel healthy.
i feel good and i feel healthy.
0
"I go in the shower, add  conditioner, comb it out and get the knots out."
i go comb the shower add conditioner in it out and get the knots out
i go in out shower add conditioner comb it out and get the knots the
i and in the shower add conditioner comb it out go get the knots out
get go in the shower add conditioner comb it out and i the knots out
i go in the shower add conditioner comb it out and get the out
go in the shower add conditioner comb it out and get the knots out
i go in shower conditioner it out and get the knots out
i go the shower add conditioner it out and get the knots out
" i go Joldersma in the shower, add conditioner, comb it out mountaineer and get the knots out. "
" i go in the shower, add conditioner, comb BJ it out and get the knots alzheimer out. "
" i go in the shower, add THE conditioner, comb it out and get Negative the knots out. "
" i go in the shower, add conditioner, comb it out and get Seliber the knots Phillip out. "
" i go in the rain shower, add conditioner, comb it out and catch the knots out. "
" i go in the shower, total conditioner, comb it out and get the grayback out. "
" i go in the rain shower, add conditioner, comb it out and get the knots out. "
" i go in the shower, add conditioner, comb it out and begin the knots out. "
0
I got my hair cut Saturday.
cut got my hair i saturday
got i my hair cut saturday
cut got my hair i saturday
got i my hair cut saturday
i got my hair cut saturday
i got my hair saturday
i got my hair cut saturday
i got my hair cut saturday
Brookley i got my hair cut saturday.
i got my FLOURISH hair cut saturday.
i got my hair criminalize cut saturday.
Willisville i got my hair cut saturday.
i get my hair cut saturday.
i got my hair cut saturday.
i get under one's skin my hair cut saturday.
i got my tomentum cut saturday.
0
"I had a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insisted."
i had insisted blood sugar issue as well as a disease and diabetes in her family tree and so her doctor thyroid
i had a blood and issue as well as thyroid disease sugar diabetes in her family tree and so her doctor insisted
i had a blood sugar her as well as thyroid disease and diabetes in issue doctor tree and so her family insisted
i had a blood tree issue as well as thyroid disease and her in her family sugar and so diabetes doctor insisted
i had a blood sugar issue as well thyroid and diabetes in her family tree and so her doctor insisted
i had a blood issue as well thyroid disease and diabetes in tree so her doctor insisted
had a blood sugar as well as thyroid disease and diabetes in her family tree and so her doctor insisted
i a blood sugar issue as well as thyroid disease and diabetes in her family tree and so her doctor insisted
" i had a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid Bracone disease, BY and diabetes in her family tree, and ARE so her doctor insisted. "
" i had a Construction blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and Lady so SB her doctor insisted. "
" i had a blood sugar issue, Kirn as well as thyroid disease, and TROUPE diabetes in her family tree, pleasantly and so her doctor insisted. "
" i had mag a blood sugar WHY issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor mutancy insisted. "
" i make a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and therefore her doctor insisted. "
" i had a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her md insisted. "
" i had a stemma sugar issue, as well as thyroidal disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doc insisted. "
" i had a blood sugar outlet, every bit well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insisted. "
2
I have a massage every night and every morning.
i have night massage every a and every morning
i have a and every night massage every morning
i have every massage a night and every morning
i have every massage every night and a morning
i have a every night and every morning
i have a massage every night every morning
i have a massage every night and every morning
i have a every night and every morning
i have a massage every PEP### night and every morning.
i have a massage Krithi every night and every morning.
i have a massage every Radu night and every morning.
i have a massage every night caliber and every morning.
i have a massage every night and every morning.
i have a massage every night and every cockcrow.
iodine have a massage every night and every morning.
i have a massage every night and every morning.
0
I have been working hard and managed to stay healthy.
i have healthy working hard and managed to stay been
i have healthy working hard and managed to stay been
i have been stay hard and managed to working healthy
have i been working hard and managed to stay healthy
i been working hard and managed to stay healthy
i have been working hard and managed to stay healthy
i been working and managed stay healthy
i have been working hard managed to stay healthy
i have been working hard and Volvo managed to pendants stay healthy.
i have been working hard M'lore and managed de to stay healthy.
i have Cumberland been working hard and Singles managed to stay healthy.
i have been working hard blogs and RM managed to stay healthy.
ace have been working hard and manage to stay healthy.
i have follow working unvoiced and managed to stay healthy.
i induce been working hard and managed to stay healthy.
i have been crop hard and managed to stay sizable.
0
"I have to use a shower chair to take a shower, and I can't take a bath."
i have to use a shower chair to take a shower and i cant a take bath
i have to use a bath chair to take a shower and i cant take a shower
i have to use a shower and to take a shower chair i cant take a bath
i have to to a shower chair use take a shower and i cant take a bath
have to use a shower chair to take a shower and i cant take bath
i have use a shower chair to take a shower and i cant take a bath
i have to use a shower chair take a shower and i cant take bath
i have to use a shower chair to take a shower and i cant take a bath
" i have to use a SLUMP shower chair to take a Schnyders shower, and Fernando i can ' t take a bath. "
" i have to use a shower chair to take Azerbaijan a shower, and i Terrorism can ' t take Kohn a bath. "
" Sacha i have to use a shower chair to take a shower, NYSE and i can ' t take vintner a bath. "
" Nic i have to use a Sweetbay shower chair to take a shower, and i Kyaw can ' t take a bath. "
" atomic number 53 have to use a cascade chair to take a shower, and unity can ' t take a bath. "
" i get to use a shower chair to look at a shower, and i can ' t take a bath. "
" i have to use a exhibitor electric chair to take a shower, and i give the sack ' t take a bath. "
" i have to use a shower chair to take a cascade, and i can ' t take a bath. "
2
I haven't even got a toothbrush.
i got even havent a toothbrush
i havent got even a toothbrush
i havent got even a toothbrush
a havent even got i toothbrush
i havent even got a toothbrush
i havent even got a toothbrush
i havent even got toothbrush
i havent even a toothbrush
i haven ' t even got a Rory toothbrush.
i haven ' RichRelevance t even got a toothbrush.
i haven ' t even husband got a toothbrush.
i haven ' t CORP. even got a toothbrush.
i haven ' t even got a soup strainer.
i haven ' t even got a soup strainer.
i haven ' t even got a soup strainer.
i haven ' t even got a soup strainer.
2
I hope this year I have good luck and stay healthy.
i hope this year and have good luck i stay healthy
i hope this year i have good stay and luck healthy
i hope this good i have year luck and stay healthy
i hope this year i have good luck stay and healthy
i hope this year have good luck and stay healthy
i hope year i have good stay healthy
hope year i have good luck and stay healthy
i hope this i have good luck and stay healthy
i hope this Robby year i have good luck Grisly and stay healthy.
i hope Ciganda this year i have Democrat good luck and stay healthy.
Ridgewater i hope this year i have good luck ROAD and stay healthy.
i hope this year i have good Applied luck and stay legend healthy.
i hope this year i have good fate and stay goodly.
i desire this year i have good luck and stay healthy.
i hope this year i have good luck and continue healthy.
i hope this year i have good hazard and stay healthy.
1
I know I am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of millions of women this in country in my devotion to my hairdressers
i know to am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion i my hairdressers
i know i am typical in millions of women in this country of my devotion to my hairdressers
i know i am typical of millions to women in this country in my devotion of my hairdressers
i know i am typical of millions women in this in my devotion to hairdressers
i know am typical millions of women in this country my devotion to hairdressers
know i am typical of of women in this country in my devotion my hairdressers
i know i am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers
Richard i Kasold know i am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of millions of women in unwanted this country in my JOHN devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of millions member of women in this Extensively country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of millions humorist of women in this country in my Alexandra devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i be typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i represent typical of millions of women in this country in my cultism to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of trillion of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am distinctive of millions of char in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
0
I like the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes.
i like the comb because it clumps out gets and separates lashes
i like the clumps because it gets out comb and separates lashes
i like the comb because it gets out lashes and separates clumps
i like the comb it because gets out clumps and separates lashes
i like the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes
like the comb because it gets out clumps and lashes
i like the comb because it gets out clumps separates lashes
i like the because it gets out clumps and separates lashes
i like the Jaymie comb because it gets out clumps RTL and separates lashes.
i like the comb Cowboy because Kali it gets out clumps and separates lashes.
i Dan like the comb because it gets out By clumps and separates lashes.
i like the comb because CF it gets out striker clumps and separates lashes.
i like the comb because information technology gets out clumps and separate lashes.
iodine like the comb because it gets out clumps and separates eyelash.
i like the cockscomb because information technology gets out clumps and separates lashes.
i like the cockscomb because it gets out clumps and separates lash.
0
I lost a lot of weight  to fight  and I intend to get my weight back.
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my back weight
i lost a i of weight to fight and lot intend to get my weight back
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend get to my weight back
i lost a to of weight to fight and i intend lot get my weight back
i lost a lot of weight and intend to get my weight back
i lost lot of weight to fight and i intend to my weight back
i lost lot of weight fight and i intend to get my weight back
i lost a lot of weight to fight i intend to get my weight back
i lost a lot of childâ weight to fight and i Bertrand intend to get my weight back.
Calanca i lost a lot Frequented of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back.
i lost a lot of weight to Coconut fight and i intend Select to get my weight back.
i Ms. lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend commissioner to get my weight back.
ace lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back.
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back.
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i signify to get my weightiness back.
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back.
0
"I miss wearing make-up, I miss doing my hair, I miss going to a club."
i miss wearing make i up miss doing my hair i miss going to a club
i miss wearing make to i miss doing my hair i miss going up a club
i miss doing make up i miss wearing my hair i miss going to a club
i miss wearing make up i miss a my hair i miss going to doing club
i miss wearing make up i miss doing my hair i miss going to a club
i miss wearing up i miss doing my hair i miss going to a club
i miss wearing make up miss doing my hair i miss to a club
i miss wearing make up i miss doing my hair i miss going to a club
" i FOSI miss wearing make - up, i treshold miss doing my hair, i Distance miss going to a club. "
" i miss wearing make - rumbling up, i miss doing my hair, i Identikey miss going Malina to a club. "
" i miss spay wearing make - up, i miss doing Holtan my hair, i miss going to a MX club. "
" i miss Congressman wearing make - up, i miss doing my Elizabethan hair, i miss going to a FXCM club. "
" i miss wearing make - up, i miss doing my hair, i miss going to a clubhouse. "
" i miss fatigue make - up, i miss doing my hair, ane leave out going to a club. "
" atomic number 53 miss wearing make - up, i miss doing my hair, one miss going to a society. "
" i miss wear shuffling - up, i miss doing my hair, i miss going to a club. "
2
"I reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so I rolled the dice and risked it."
i reckoned that we were rolled in pretty good health so i all the dice and risked it
i were that we reckoned all in pretty good health so i rolled the dice and risked it
i reckoned that we were all risked pretty good health so i rolled the dice and in it
i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health so i the rolled dice and risked it
i reckoned that we were in pretty good health so i rolled the dice and risked it
i reckoned we were all in pretty good health so rolled the dice and risked it
i reckoned that we all in pretty good so i the dice and risked it
i reckoned we were all in pretty good so i rolled the and risked it
" i McMillan reckoned Shanghai that we were all in pretty good health, Niakafiri so i rolled the dice and risked it. "
" i reckoned that we Kongolo were all Agendia in pretty good health, so i rolled the dice and SpeBio risked it. "
" i reckoned Mama that we were all in pretty good health, so i Porto rolled the dice N'Zonzi and risked it. "
" SHOT i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so i JAM rolled the dice and risked Monmore it. "
" i forecast that we were all in pretty upright health, so i rolled the dice and risked it. "
" i guess that we be all in fairly good health, so i rolled the dice and risked it. "
" i reckoned that we were all in reasonably good health, so i flap the dice and risked it. "
" i work out that we were all in pretty safe health, so i wind the dice and risked it. "
0
"I remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny."
i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very and very temperamental talented wickedly funny
i remember years ago who a hairdresser having was very talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember years ago having a temperamental who was very talented very hairdresser and wickedly funny
i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very funny very temperamental and wickedly talented
i remember years ago a hairdresser who was very talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember years ago having a hairdresser who very talented temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember years ago having a who was very talented temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember years ago hairdresser was very talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
" i remember years ago having a hairdresser who salmon was very talented, very temperamental and structured wickedly funny. "
" i remember years ago having Sus a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and Bouphavanh wickedly funny. "
" i remember years Rajashekara ago having a hairdresser who was Naperville very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" i remember years Michael ago having a hairdresser who Backwater was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" i remember years ago have a hairdresser who was very talented, real temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" i remember long time ago have a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly suspect. "
" i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very gifted, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
0
I smoothed the hair back from Renee's brow.
hair smoothed the i back from renees brow
i smoothed the brow back from renees hair
renees smoothed the hair back from i brow
i hair the smoothed back from renees brow
i smoothed the hair back from brow
i smoothed the hair back from renees brow
i smoothed hair back from renees brow
i smoothed hair back from renees brow
Pelchen i smoothed the hair back from renee ' s WHTK brow.
i smoothed the hair back Woon from renee ' s Holtorf brow.
i smoothed the hair Leigh back from renee ' inactivation s brow.
i smoothed Luv the hair back 5fps from renee ' s brow.
i smoothed the hair back from renee ' sulfur brow.
one smoothed the hair backward from renee ' s brow.
iodin smoothed the hair back from renee ' reciprocal ohm brow.
i smoothed the whisker backward from renee ' s brow.
0
"I stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of Tom's Toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests' toothbrushes and a wall of Post-it potty poetry."
i stepped into the bathroom noting the array of jelly toothpaste tubes an empty toms a for guests toothbrushes and jar wall of post it potty poetry
i stepped into the bathroom noting the array of toms toothpaste it an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes wall a and of post tubes potty poetry
i stepped into the bathroom noting of array of toms tubes toothpaste an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a wall the post it potty poetry
i stepped into the bathroom noting the array of toms toothpaste for an empty jelly jar tubes guests toothbrushes and a poetry of post it potty wall
i stepped into the bathroom the array of toms toothpaste tubes an empty jelly jar for toothbrushes and wall of post it potty poetry
i stepped into the noting the array of toms toothpaste tubes an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a wall of post it potty poetry
i stepped into the bathroom noting the array of toms toothpaste an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a wall of post it potty poetry
i stepped into the bathroom noting the array of toms toothpaste tubes an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes a post it potty poetry
" i stepped flashbang into Backues the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and Michael a wall of Carmela post - it potty poetry. "
" i optical stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' IGNFF s toothpaste tubes, an Charna empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it King potty poetry. "
" LMA i Heenes stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an squinty empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it Khalilah potty poetry. "
" i stepped into the bathroom, noting the array Mount of tom ' s Boss toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for Nickelsberg guests ' toothbrushes Misonix and a wall of post - it potty poetry. "
" i step into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guest ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it potty poetry. "
" ace stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty bellied jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it infatuated poetry. "
" i stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of gobbler ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty bellied jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it potty poetry. "
" i stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of spot - information technology potty poetry. "
1
"I suppose around six o'clock I'll have a massage, then I'll probably have an early night."
probably suppose around six oclock ill have a massage then ill i have an early night
i suppose around have oclock ill have a massage then ill probably six an early night
i massage around six oclock ill have a suppose then ill probably have an early night
i suppose around six oclock ill ill a massage then have probably have an early night
suppose around six oclock ill have a massage then ill probably have an night
i suppose around six oclock have a massage then ill have an early night
i suppose six oclock ill have a massage then ill probably have an early night
i suppose around six oclock ill have massage then ill probably have an early night
" i FORZA suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have bagel a massage, then i ' ll probably have an early acetates night. "
" i suppose Kitsap around six o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, then i ' Ducati ll Qxf3 probably have an early night. "
" i Wai suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, then i ' ll sectorally probably have TomTom an early night. "
" i suppose around Thousand six o ' clock Levy i ' ll have a massage, By then i ' ll probably have an early night. "
" i opine around six group o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, then i ' ll probably have an early nox. "
" i suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, so i ' ll probably get an early night. "
" i suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, so i ' ll probably ingest an early dark. "
" i suppose around sise o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, then i ' ll probably have an early night. "
1
I take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that I am leaving the club in better health than when I arrived.
club take a lot than satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the i in better health of when i arrived
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrived
i take a lot satisfaction of from the fact that i am leaving the club in i health than when better arrived
i take a lot of arrived from the fact that i am leaving the club in better satisfaction than when i health
take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i the club in better health than when arrived
i take a lot of satisfaction from the that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrived
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i leaving club in better health than when i arrived
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrived
i take a lot of satisfaction BBC from the fact www.pal that i am leaving the club in better health than when i townhouse arrived.
i take a lot Cdiscount of Rishawn satisfaction from the fact #x## that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrived.
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am CROSS leaving the Misu club in better health than endosurgery when i arrived.
i take Begger a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving toolsy the club http://www.officemax.com in better health than when i arrived.
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in good health than when i arrived.
one take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the nightclub in better health than when i arrived.
unity occupy a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrived.
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when ane arrived.
0
"I used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes."
i morning to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in used the showered with teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i be to used able to get in and in of the bathroom out the morning showered with teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i used to be able to bathroom in showered out of the get in the morning and with teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i used showered be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning to with teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i used to be to get in out of the bathroom in the morning with teeth and hair in 15 minutes
i used to to get and out of the bathroom in the morning showered teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning showered with teeth and combed in 15 minutes
i used in and out of the bathroom in the morning showered with brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
" i used to be able to get Oberoi in and Morocco out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and Gripshover hair combed, Motley in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be Lapage able to get in and out of the bathroom in Dawid the morning, Yost showered, with teeth brushed and metres@##.## hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i poeticism used Christina to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with Margene teeth brushed and hair combed, Oryol in 15 minutes. "
" i radiotracer used to be able to get in and out of the Rabbetts bathroom in the morning, showered, -## with teeth brushed pleural and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be able to get in and out of the john in the dawn, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in fifteen minutes. "
" i used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth sweep and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brush and pilus combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be able bodied to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with dentition brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
0
"I used to go to a barber, but now I go to a hairstylist."
barber used to go to a i but now i go to a hairstylist
barber used to go to a i but now i go to a hairstylist
go used to i to a barber but now i go to a hairstylist
i to to go used a barber but now i go to a hairstylist
i used to go a barber but now i to a hairstylist
i used to go to a barber but now i to a hairstylist
i used to go to a barber now i go to a hairstylist
i to go to a barber but now i go to a hairstylist
" i used to Nkanza go to a eebee barber, but now i go to a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a Bonnissel barber, but now rectly i go to a hairstylist. "
" i Bill used to William go to a barber, but now i go to a hairstylist. "
" i used Howaida to go to a barber, but now i go Will to a hairstylist. "
" i used to move to a barber, but now i go to a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a barber, but now i blend in to a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a barber, but now i go to a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a barber, but at present i go to a stylist. "
0
"I used to have a full head of hair, before I entered the numbering business."
i used the have a full head of hair before i entered to numbering business
i used to have a full head of i before hair entered the numbering business
i used to a have full head of hair before i entered the numbering business
i used to have a full head of hair before i entered the business numbering
used to have a full head of hair before i the business
i used to have a full head of hair before i entered the numbering business
i used to have a full head of hair i entered the numbering business
i used to have a full head of hair before i entered the numbering
" GT2s i used to have a full head of hair, before Agency i entered the numbering business. "
" i used Mixing to have a full EDEN head of hair, before i entered the numbering business. "
" i used to have a full head of hair, before Governor i entered Anakaputhur the numbering business. "
" i used Shane to have a full head of hair, Quilted before i entered the numbering business. "
" unity used to have a full head of hair, before i entered the numbering clientele. "
" i used to have a full head of hair, before iodin entered the numbering business. "
" unity used to take in a full head of hair, before i entered the numbering business. "
" i used to have a full head of hair, before atomic number 53 entered the enumeration business. "
2
I was looking forward to getting this thing over so I could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use to three days these get healthy
three was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these i days to get healthy
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use get three days to these healthy
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these days three to get healthy
was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use three days to get healthy
i was looking forward to this thing over so i could use these three to get healthy
i was looking to getting this thing over so i could use these three days to get healthy
i was looking forward to getting this thing so i could use three days to get healthy
Nintendo i was looking forward to getting Muhaimin this thing over so i could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so monotonous i could use these Stelios three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over ctc so i could use these three days to get Dunlap healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so Dyslexia i could use these three days to get plunged healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing all over so i could use these three days to get goodish.
atomic number 53 was looking forward to getting this thing over so iodine could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these three twenty four hour period to get tidy.
i was looking fore to getting this thing over so i could use these triplet days to get healthy.
1
"I was sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn't the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily."
i fourth sick where my was day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of place on you can find a doctor easily
sick was the on my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt i kind of place where you can find a doctor easily
doctor was sick on my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of place easily you can find a i where
i was sick on my but of off fourth my neighborhood isnt the kind day place where you can find a doctor easily
i was sick my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of where find a doctor easily
i sick on my fourth day off but neighborhood isnt the kind of place you can find a doctor easily
i was sick on my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt the place where you can find a doctor easily
i was sick on my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of place where you find a doctor easily
" i IN was radar sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place where you can Capzule find a doctor easily. "
" Panunzio i was Jaggi sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place Orbz where you can find a doctor easily. "
" i was sick on my fourth crossbar day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of Caution place where you can find a doctor Patrick easily. "
" i Ronn was sick on WVVA my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place where you can find a conibear doctor easily. "
" i was vomit up on my fourth day turned, but my neighborhood international relations and security network ' t the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily. "
" i was be sick on my fourth day off, but my neck of the woods isn ' t the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily. "
" i was regorge on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place where you can find a doc easily. "
" i be sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of piazza where you can find a doctor easy. "
2
"I was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn't amount to a very successful dating process at all."
i was skinny with a bad haircut which process amount to a very successful dating didnt at all
i was skinny all a bad haircut which didnt amount to a very successful dating process at with
i was skinny with a bad haircut which didnt amount to all very successful dating process at a
successful was skinny with a bad haircut which didnt amount to a very i dating process at all
i was skinny with a bad haircut which didnt amount to a very successful dating process at all
i was skinny with a bad haircut amount to a very successful dating at all
i was skinny with a bad which didnt amount to a very successful dating process at all
i was skinny with a bad haircut amount to a successful dating process at all
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t merriest amount to a very successful dating process lawyer at KeyNeurotek all. "
" i Chia was skinny with a bad pregame haircut, which didn ' t Snydersville amount to a very successful dating process at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' Norrisville t amount to a very successful dating Crafty process at TO all. "
" pE i Timminco was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount to a very successful dating process ELVIS at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t total to a very successful dating procedure at all. "
" ace was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount of money to a very successful dating cognitive process at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount to a really successful dating process at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount to a very successful see process at all. "
2
"I was suffering from depression, and maybe I should have gone to a doctor, but I didn't."
i was suffering didnt depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor but i from
i was suffering from depression and maybe i to have gone should a doctor but i didnt
i was suffering from depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor didnt i but
i was suffering didnt depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor but i from
was suffering from depression and maybe i have gone to a doctor but i didnt
i was suffering from depression and i should have gone to a doctor but i didnt
i was suffering from depression and maybe i should have gone to a but i didnt
i suffering from depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor but i didnt
" i Crewmembers was suffering from depression, and maybe i Nana should have gone to a NEMEA doctor, but i didn ' t. "
" i was Yea suffering from depression, and maybe Andra i should have gone to a doctor, but i Doorman didn ' t. "
" i was bison suffering from depression, and maybe Baron i should have Pavelski gone to a doctor, but i didn ' t. "
" Metsu i was suffering from depression, and maybe i River should have gone to a doctor, but Deramo i didn ' t. "
" atomic number 53 comprise suffering from depression, and maybe i should have gone to a doctor, but i didn ' tonne. "
" i was suffering from depression, and peradventure iodin should have gone to a doctor, but 1 didn ' t. "
" one was suffering from depression, and maybe i should have gone to a doctor, but i didn ' thymine. "
" one was suffer from depression, and maybe i should have gone to a doctor, but i didn ' thymine. "
2
I won't leave the house without lipstick.
i wont leave the house lipstick without
i without leave the house wont lipstick
i wont leave without house the lipstick
leave wont i the house without lipstick
i wont leave the house without lipstick
i wont leave the house without lipstick
i wont leave the house without lipstick
wont leave house without lipstick
Border i won ' t leave the house without lipstick.
i won ' t leave the house CRE without lipstick.
i won ' t leave the house BROKER without lipstick.
i won ' Pavel t leave the house without lipstick.
1 won ' t leave the house without lipstick.
i won ' t leave the house without lip rouge.
i won ' t leave behind the house without lipstick.
i won ' t leave the house without lipstick.
0
"I'd stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect."
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health the into the washing machine pour in have detergent put money in hazard slot and up to a bar go the street while some a beer to waiting for sanitation to take effect
id stuff my dirty bar the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine pour in slot a put money in the some and go to a clothes up the street take have detergent beer while waiting for sanitation to to effect
the stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a in hazard into the washing machine pour in some put detergent money health id slot and a to go bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect
id stuff my effect clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard pour slot washing machine into in some detergent put money in the the and have to a bar up the street to go a beer while waiting for sanitation to take dirty
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a into washing machine pour in some detergent put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into washing machine in some detergent put money in the slot go to a bar the street to have beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect
id my dirty clothes the underwear a health hazard into the washing machine pour in some detergent put money in slot go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect
stuff my dirty clothes the alone was a health hazard into the washing machine in some put money in slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation take effect
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the Borovic underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, Tom pour in some detergent, KSLU put money in the slot and go closely to a bar up FreedomWorks the street to have a beer By while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some Estacio detergent, put money in the slot and NetGuide go to Sleeping a Xu bar up the street to have Hebein a beer while waiting for sanitation to Jepkosgei take effect. "
" i ' Tony d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear Sun alone was a Durga health hazard into the washing machine, pour TALF in some detergent, put ashen money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for ACR sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d stuff Seb my dirty clothes Cheddleton the Ruby underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put Kalpana money in the slot and go to a ONLY bar up the street to have a Dave beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d poppycock my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a wellness hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, place money in the time slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d hooey my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar upwardly the street to have a beer while await for sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health fortune into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a ginmill up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
0
"If my health doesn't, then I will have to retire."
if i health doesnt then my will have to retire
health my if doesnt then i will have to retire
if my health doesnt then i retire have to will
if my health to then i will have doesnt retire
if my health doesnt i will have
my health i will have to
if my health doesnt then i will have to retire
if my health then i will have to retire
" if joins my health doesn ' t, endangering then i will have to retire. "
" Zachary if my health doesn ' Lars t, then i will have to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' t, Sameul then BASE i will have to retire. "
" if Ethertronics my health doesn ' t, then i usc will have to retire. "
" if my wellness doesn ' t, then i will have to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' t, then atomic number 53 will have to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' triiodothyronine, then unity will have to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' t, then iodin leave have to retire. "
1
"If we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living again."
down we do our in the right way we can reach it goal of knocking off weight getting our cholesterol if really getting healthy and living again
reach we do we in the right way it can if our goal of knocking off weight getting our cholesterol down really getting healthy and living again
if we do it in the right way really can reach our goal of knocking off weight and our cholesterol down we getting healthy getting living again
if we do it in the right way we can reach our off of down goal weight getting our cholesterol knocking really getting healthy and living again
if we do it in the right we can goal knocking off weight getting our cholesterol down really getting healthy and living again
if we do it in the right way we can reach goal of knocking off weight getting our cholesterol down really getting and living
if we do it in the right way we reach our goal of knocking off weight getting our cholesterol down really getting healthy and living again
we it in the way we can reach knocking off weight getting our down really healthy again
" if we do it in the right way, FOREVER we Chukwudi can reach our goal of knocking Harvey off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy Diego and living again. "
" if we do it in HOCKEY the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off Getzlaf weight, getting pizzazz our cholesterol down, Application really getting healthy and living again. "
" OpenFabrics if we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking Sago off weight, getting our Canine cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living ROSIE again. "
" if Website we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off House weight, getting our J cholesterol down, Ohoven really getting healthy and living again. "
" if we act it in the right room, we can reach our goal of knocking off system of weights, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living again. "
" if we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and live again. "
" if we answer it in the correct way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting sound and living once more. "
" if we practice it in the right way, we rump give our goal of knocking off weight unit, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living again. "
1
"If you stop and think about it, it's a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste."
if you stop and think about out its a miracle that we get it of remember every day and brush our teeth and bed to buy toothpaste
if you stop and think and it its a miracle that we remember out of bed every day about brush our teeth and get to buy toothpaste
if you stop and think about it its that miracle a we get out of bed brush day and every our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
if you it and think about stop its a miracle that we get out of bed buy day and brush our teeth and remember to every toothpaste
if you stop and think about it its a miracle we get of every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
if you stop and think about it its a we get of every day and our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
if you stop and think about it its a miracle that we get out of bed every day and our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
if you stop and think about it its a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our and remember buy toothpaste
" if you stop and think about it, it ' Volunteers s Kforce a miracle Lebow that JESD## we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
" if you stop and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out Reed of pronounced bed every Zabielski day TRAN and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
" Sao if you stop and think about Purple it, it ' Dahej s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our Newly teeth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
" if you stop Skocik and think Malta about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed About every day and brush our teeth and remember to Duckhams buy toothpaste. "
" if you stop and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we drive out of bed every day and brush our tooth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
" if you break off and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and call up to buy toothpaste. "
" if you stop and think astir it, it ' s a miracle that we get knocked out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
" if you stop and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our tooth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
0
"I'm feeling pretty good and I'm hitting the ball well: and I'm healthy, which is great."
im feeling pretty good and great hitting the ball well and im healthy which is im
pretty feeling im good and im hitting the ball well and im healthy which is great
im feeling pretty is and im hitting the ball well and im healthy which good great
im feeling pretty good the im hitting and ball well and im healthy which is great
im feeling pretty good and im hitting the well and im healthy which great
im feeling good and im hitting the ball well and im healthy which is great
im feeling pretty good and im hitting the ball well and im healthy is great
feeling good and im hitting the well and which is great
" i ' m feeling pretty good INSURANCE and Midwestern i ' Thanaporn m hitting the ball well: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" i ' m feeling pretty good and Stockwire.com i ' m Cookerly hitting the Sherrie ball well: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" KBO i ' XCast m feeling pretty good and i ' m hitting the ball well: beatify and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" i ' m feeling pretty good and Walt i ' m hitting TOP the ball well: and i ' m Rysdahl healthy, which is great. "
" i ' m feeling pretty good and i ' mebibyte hitting the ball wellspring: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" i ' m feel somewhat good and 1 ' m hitting the ball well: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" i ' m feeling middling good and i ' m hitting the ball wellspring: and i ' m healthy, which is heavy. "
" 1 ' m feeling pretty beneficial and i ' m hitting the ball wellspring: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
0
"I'm putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they're wearing."
im putting on eye colors colors eyeliner shadow blush colors and lipstick colors that to only need not flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what theyre wearing
im putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors only colors and lipstick colors that not blush need to flatter the skin tone but with coordinate also what theyre wearing
blush putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors im colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin what but also coordinate with tone theyre wearing
im putting on but shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to coordinate the skin tone eye also flatter with what theyre wearing
im putting on shadow colors eyeliner blush colors and lipstick colors that only need flatter tone but also coordinate with what theyre wearing
im putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that not need to flatter the tone also coordinate with what wearing
im putting on shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the tone also coordinate with what theyre wearing
im putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what wearing
" i ' m putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner SPH### colors, CBHD blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need favorite to flatter the skin alpine tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m putting on eye Integration shadow colors, eyeliner colors, choreographer blush colors and lipstick colors that not cavernous only need to flatter the skin tone but also Druse coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m putting on eye shadow colors, Kainer eyeliner colors, blush Falstone colors and lipstick colors Border that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate blue with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m putting WAXQ on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors ----------------------------------- and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone Pescatelli but also coordinate with Apartments.com what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colours and lipstick colors that not only need to blandish the hide tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' 1000 putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, flush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colouration that not only need to blandish the skin tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
0
"In a briefing for AFP and the other major wire services, Clinton said he would run again 'as long as I have my health and I'm doing a good job."
in said briefing for afp wire the other major doing services clinton a he would run again as long as i have my health and im and a good job
in a briefing for clinton and the other major he services a said wire would run again as long as i have my health and im doing afp good job
in a he for afp and the other major wire services clinton said good would and again as long as i have my health run im doing a briefing job
in doing briefing for afp and the other major wire services clinton said he would run as again long as i have my health and im a good a job
a briefing for afp and the other major wire clinton said he would run again long i my and im doing a
in a briefing for afp and the other major wire services clinton said he would run again as long as i have my health and im doing a good job
in briefing for afp and the other major wire services clinton said again as long as have my and im doing a good job
a briefing for afp and the other major wire services clinton said he would run as long as i my health and im doing a good job
" in a Greenpoint briefing for afp and the other major wire services, clinton said he ECB would run again ' as Kennebec long as i have my health and i ' m doing PC a good job. "
" in a Economos briefing for afp and the other major wire services, clinton said he would run again ' as long as i Dan have my health Pratiksha and i ' m girl doing a good job. "
" in DAJ a briefing for afp and Tim the other major wire services, clinton said he would run again ' as long as i MSNBC have my health Lee and i ' m doing a good job. "
" Raquel in a briefing for afp and hambre the other http://www.groupon.com major wire services, clinton said he would run again ' as long as i have my health and i ' m Diseases doing a good job. "
" in a briefing for afp and the other major conducting wire services, clinton said he would run again ' equally long as unity have my health and i ' m doing a good job. "
" in a briefing for alpha fetoprotein and the other major wire services, clinton said he would incline again ' as long as i have my health and i ' 1000 doing a good line of work. "
" in a briefing for afp and the other major wire services, clinton said helium would run again ' as long as i have my health and i ' m doing a good job. "
" in a briefing for afp and the former major wire services, clinton said he would run again ' as long as i have my health and i ' m doing a respectable job. "
1
"In my backpack, I would put in a make-up kit because I always want to look my best."
in look backpack i would put in a make up kit because i always want to my my best
in my backpack i look put in a make up kit because i always want to would my best
in my backpack i would put in a make because kit up i always want to look my best
in my backpack i would put in a make up kit because i always want to look my best
in my i would put in a make up kit because i want to look my best
in my backpack i put in a make up because i always want to look my best
in my backpack i would in a make up kit because i always want to look my best
in my backpack would put in a make up kit i always to look my best
" Yaseen in my backpack, i would put in a make - up kit because drill i always want Yaremchuk to look my best. "
" in silver my backpack, i would put in a make - Hernshaw up kit Ulu because i always want to look my best. "
" in my backpack, i would put in a make - up Qe6 kit because i Amish always want Minami to look my best. "
" in my backpack, i would RoBOT put in a make - up kit because i Giantstone always want directorial to look my best. "
" in my backpack, i would put in a make - up outfit because iodine always want to look my best. "
" in my backpack, i would put in a make - up outfit because iodine always want to look my best. "
" in my knapsack, i would put in a brand - up kit because i always desire to look my best. "
" in my backpack, i would put in a make - up kit because i always need to look my good. "
0
"In the past, most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home nail care."
in the past most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the knowledge we lost the way correct the of healthy safe way to achieve home nail care
the the past most pedicures were done at way but somewhere along the home we lost the knowledge of in correct healthy safe way to achieve home nail care
in the past most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along way knowledge we lost the the of the correct healthy safe way to achieve home nail care
in the past most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along home way we lost the knowledge of the correct healthy the way to achieve safe nail care
in the most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost knowledge of the correct healthy safe way to achieve nail care
in the past most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct healthy way to achieve home nail care
in the past most were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct safe way to achieve home nail care
in the past most pedicures were done at but somewhere the way we lost the knowledge of the correct healthy safe to achieve home nail care
" in the past, most Malawi pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the Buick knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to Anti achieve copper home nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures were done at home but YOURSELVES somewhere Michaletos along the hound way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way Lanshe to achieve home nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures were done at home but Urbutis somewhere along Quarter the way we lost the knowledge Carlos of the correct, healthy, safe way Biglow to achieve home nail care. "
" Videbeck in the past, most pedicures were done Telanetix at home but Four somewhere along Dispute the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, hefty, safe manner to achieve dwelling house nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures be done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way of life to achieve home nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures be done at home merely somewhere along the agency we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve domicile nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures be done at home only somewhere along the manner we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home nail care. "
2
"It makes no appreciable difference to the way I look, because I refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it."
it makes no appreciable difference i the way to look because to refuse to take care of my hair even i the extent of combing or brushing it
it makes no appreciable combing to difference way i look because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of the or brushing it
it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent brushing combing or it of
i makes no appreciable difference to the way i look because it refuse even take care of my hair to to the extent of combing or brushing it
it no appreciable difference to the way i look because i refuse to take of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it
it makes no appreciable difference to the i look because i refuse to take of hair even to the extent of combing or brushing
it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it
makes no appreciable difference to the way i look because i to take care of hair even the extent of combing or it
" it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look, because i refuse NZ to Apple take care of my hair even Chareidi to the extent of combing or upskirt brushing it. "
" it makes Sacajawea no appreciable difference to the way i look, because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the meilleures extent Action of Inc. combing or brushing it. "
" Angeline it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look, because i Giga refuse to Marketing take care of my hair even to the extent of OR combing or brushing it. "
" it makes no appreciable difference to the way i FNM look, because i refuse to shattered take Warner care of my hair even to the extent of combing or sublimely brushing it. "
" information technology makes no appreciable difference to the way i reckon, because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing information technology. "
" it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look, because i refuse to take tending of my haircloth even to the extent of combing or brushing it. "
" it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look, because i defy to take care of my hair even to the extent of ransack or brush it. "
" it make no appreciable difference to the way one look, because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it. "
2
It's the most high-maintenance clothes and hairdo I've ever had.
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo ive had ever
its the most high had clothes and hairdo ive ever maintenance
its the most high maintenance and clothes hairdo ive ever had
its high most the maintenance clothes and hairdo ive ever had
its the most high maintenance and hairdo ive ever had
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo ive had
its the high maintenance clothes and ive ever had
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo ive ever had
LSTA it ' s the most high - Giometti maintenance clothes and hairdo i ' ve ever had.
profitted it ' s the most high - Diabetic maintenance clothes and hairdo i ' ve ever had.
it ' s the most high - maintenance clothes and hairdo Betbrokers i ' ve ever Michael had.
it ' s the most high - Wadijimbi maintenance clothes and goest hairdo i ' ve ever had.
it ' s the most high - maintenance apparel and hairdo i ' ve ever had.
it ' s the most high - maintenance wearing apparel and hairdo i ' ve of all time had.
it ' s the almost high - maintenance wearing apparel and hairdo i ' ve ever had.
it ' s the most high - maintenance clothes and hairdo i ' ve ever hold.
0
"I've learned from my mistakes and now I'm mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape."
ive learned shape my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great from
ive learned from my now and mistakes im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great shape
ive from learned my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great shape
ive learned from my mistakes and now im weight tougher punching my mentally and generally in great shape
ive learned my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my and generally in great shape
learned from my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great shape
ive learned my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great shape
ive learned from my mistakes and now im tougher my weight and generally in great shape
" i ' ve learned from my Lohrey mistakes humanoid and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my P weight and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my mistakes and now Gloria i ' m mentally Mishnah tougher, punching 9pm my weight and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve Iloilo learned from my mistakes and now El i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight LETITIA and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my Drilzane mistakes and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching ---------------------------------------------------------- my weight Asmaa and generally in great shape. "
" 1 ' ve learned from my error and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my fault and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my mistakes and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight and broadly in peachy shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my mistakes and right away i ' molarity mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape. "
0
I've lost a lot of weight and I'm fitter now than I have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross-country running!
ive lost a lot weight of and im fitter now cross i have been in the last four years thanks to all that than country running
cross lost a ive of weight and im fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that lot country running
ive lost to lot of weight and im fitter now than i country been in the last four years thanks a all that cross have running
ive lost a lot of weight i im fitter country than and have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross now running
ive lost a lot of weight and im fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks that cross
ive lost a lot of weight and im fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross country running
ive lost a lot of weight im fitter now than have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross country running
ive lost a lot of weight im fitter now than have been in the last four to all that cross country running
i ' ve lost a lot of Dildine weight and i ' m fitter NASDAQ now than i have Obarski been in the last four years thanks to all that cross - Reid country running!
i ' ve lost a lot of weight and i ' Staber m fitter now than Apicorp i have been in the Chairwoman last four years thanks to all that cross - country Heimstra running!
i ' ve lost a lot Ltd. of weight and i ' m fitter now than i Visit have been in Baldovin the THQ last four years thanks to all that cross - country running!
i ' ve lost precautionary a lot of weight and i ' m fitter now than i have been in the last four Doran years thanks Sugarlands to all that anticompetitive cross - country running!
i ' ve lost a lot of weight and i ' thousand fitter now than i experience been in the last four years thanks to all that cross - res publica running!
i ' ve lost a lot of weight and i ' 1000 fitter now than i have been in the last quaternion years thanks to all that cross - country work!
i ' ve lose a lot of weight and 1 ' m fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross - country running!
atomic number 53 ' ve lost a lot of weight and i ' one thousand fitter right away than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross - country running!
0
"Like I wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think I might be famous, too. "
like i wear lipstick and so my sunglasses on keep they might think i might be famous too
on i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses like so they might think i might be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i might be too famous
like i sunglasses lipstick and keep my wear on so they might think i might be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might i might be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i might be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my on so they might i might be famous too
like i lipstick and keep my sunglasses so they might think i might be famous too
" like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses Swarzenegger on so they might ICSP think i might FORMER be famous, too. "
" like i wear lipstick J. and keep my sunglasses on so Khakwani they Cyberpsychology might think i might be famous, too. "
" like i wear lipstick Essa and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i PLPC might entrepreneurship be famous, too. "
" like i wear lipstick and keep Hometowne my sunglasses on so they might Beverely think i might be Corp famous, too. "
" like i endure lip rouge and keep my sunglasses on so they might think 1 might be famous, too. "
" corresponding i wear lipstick and keep my dark glasses on so they might think i might be famous, too. "
" like i get into lipstick and keep on my sunglasses on so they might think i might be famous, too. "
" like i wear lipstick and keep my shades on so they might think i might be famous, also. "
0
"My hair is wavy, but I comb it out straight."
my but is wavy hair i comb it out straight
my comb is wavy but i hair it out straight
my hair comb wavy but i is it out straight
i hair is wavy but my comb it out straight
my hair is wavy but i comb it out straight
my hair wavy but comb it out
my hair is but i comb out straight
my hair is wavy but i comb it out straight
" my hair is wavy, but HAPPENED i Dense comb it out straight. "
" my hair is wavy, but DJ i Ali comb it out straight. "
" informant my OSN hair is wavy, but i comb it out straight. "
" my hair hai is wavy, but i comb it Pero out straight. "
" my hair be wavy, but i comb out it out straight. "
" my hair is wavy, just i comb it out directly. "
" my hair is wavy, just i ransack it out straight. "
" my hairsbreadth is wavy, but i comb it out straight. "
0
My health is good and we have big goals this year.
my health is good year we have big goals this and
my health is good and we this big goals have year
my health is good have we and big goals this year
my health is good and this have big goals we year
my good and we have big goals this year
my health is we big goals this year
my is good and we have big year
health is good and have big goals this year
my health is LAKE good and we have big goals Strikeforce this year.
my health is good budget and we have big goals this Vleuten year.
Great my Joynal health is good and we have big goals this year.
Caroline my health is good and we have big goals this REUTERS year.
my health is good and we have big destination this class.
my health is good and we have heavy goals this year.
my health is effective and we have big goals this year.
my health is good and we have big goal this year.
0
My main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year  2007  I missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal is to stay healthy for the whole because four last year 2007 i away three or year months and that is like taking half the season missed
my main goal is to stay healthy whole the for year because last year 2007 months missed season or four i and that is like taking half the three away
my main the is goal stay healthy for the whole year because last year 2007 i missed three or four months and to is like taking half that season away
my main away is to stay healthy for the year whole because last year 2007 goal missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season i
my main goal is to stay for the whole year because year 2007 i three or four months and that is like taking half the season away
my main goal is stay healthy for the whole year because last year 2007 i missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season away
my main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because year 2007 i missed three or four months and that like taking half the season away
my main goal to stay for whole year because last 2007 i missed or four months and that is like taking half the season away
my main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year 2007 i missed three submission or four months and that is like taking Sheraton half Newsom the Raelynn season away.
my Cynthia main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year quaking because last year 2007 i missed three or four months and that is like taking half ###MB the Zehren season away.
my Purmal main goal Egg is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year MANVILLE 2007 i missed Regent three or four months and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year Steve 2007 i missed Lazo three or four months and that is like AbilityOne taking half Studiocanal the season away.
my independent goal is to stay healthy for the unanimous year because last year 2007 i missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season off.
my main goal is to last out healthy for the whole year because terminal year 2007 i missed three or four calendar month and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year 2007 i miss three or iv months and that is like taking half the season aside.
my main destination is to stick healthy for the whole year because final year 2007 i missed trinity or four months and that is like taking half the season away.
1
"Neon pink lipstick was all the rage on spring runways, however, so I decided to co-opt a little of the doll's style by trying Shu Uemura's hot pink lip Gloss Lacquer."
neon pink lipstick was all the hot on spring runways the so i opt to co decided a little of however dolls style by trying shu uemuras rage pink lip gloss lacquer
opt pink lipstick was all the rage on decided runways however so i spring to co pink a little of the dolls style by trying shu uemuras hot neon lip gloss lacquer
neon of lipstick was trying the rage on spring runways however so i decided by co opt a little pink the dolls style to all shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
neon pink lipstick was all the shu on spring runways however trying i decided to co opt a little of the dolls style by so rage lacquer hot pink lip gloss uemuras
pink lipstick all the rage on spring runways however so i decided to co opt a little of the dolls style by shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
neon lipstick was all the rage on spring runways however so i decided to co opt a little of the dolls style by trying shu hot pink lip gloss lacquer
neon pink lipstick was all the on spring runways however so i decided to opt a little of the dolls style by trying shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
neon pink lipstick was all rage on spring runways however so i decided co little of the dolls by trying shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
" Jonny neon papal pink lipstick Transnational was Bloeria all the rage on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - Devlin opt a little of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s hot pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was all Magdalena the Mohamed rage Teddy on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - opt a Aich little of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s hot Adaptations pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was all PKO the rage #,###.### on spring runways, however, Comdial so i decided to co - opt a Wango little of the doll ' s style by horses trying shu uemura ' s hot pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was Safely all the rage on WESTPORT spring runways, however, so i decided to co - fraudulently opt a little of the doll ' s style settling by trying shu uemura ' s hot Queensgate pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon tap lipstick was all the fury on spring runways, however, so i decide to co - opt a little of the doll ' s trend by trying shu uemura ' s hot pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" ne pink lipstick was all the rage on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - opt a little of the doll ' s style by seek shu uemura ' s hot pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was entirely the rage on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - opt a little of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s live pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick be all the rage on spring runway, however, so i determine to co - opt a little of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s hot pink lip gloss lacquer. "
0
"On a recent trip I found I could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi-trailer can be at 70 miles an hour."
on a recent an i found 70 and work on my tan rearrange my hair style could learn just how loud a semi trailer can be at i miles trip hour
on a recent trip i hour i could work be my tan rearrange my hair miles and learn just how loud a semi trailer can on at 70 style an found
work a recent trip i can i could on on my tan rearrange a hair style and learn just how loud my semi trailer found be at 70 miles an hour
on a recent trip i found how could work and my 70 rearrange my hair style on learn just i loud a semi trailer can be at tan miles an hour
on a trip i found i could work on my tan rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi trailer can be 70 miles hour
on a recent trip i found i could work on my tan rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi trailer be at 70 miles hour
on a i found i could work on my tan rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi trailer can be at 70 miles an hour
a recent trip i found i could work on my tan rearrange my hair style and learn just loud semi trailer can be at 70 miles an hour
" on transport a recent trip i found i could work on my tan, BASIC rearrange my hair style Midthun and learn just how LX5 loud a semi - trailer can be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found i Florida could work on Deliveries my tan, rearrange my hair style Vale and Diagnosis learn just how loud a semi - trailer can be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found i could work on CAME my tan, Katy rearrange my hair Redmile style and learn just how loud a semi - trailer can Profy be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on Jiroux a recent membrane trip Ku i found i could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi - trailer Chat can be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found i could work on my burn, rearrange my hair manner and learn just how loud a semi - trailer can be at lxx miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found i could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn but how loud a semi - trailer can be at 70 miles an minute. "
" on a recent trip i found i could work on my tan, rearrange my whisker style and learn just how tawdry a semi - trailer can be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found iodin could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi - trailer can be at lxx miles an hour. "
0
"Once a year at Christmas, however, I relent and slap on some lipstick."
once a on at christmas however i relent and slap year some lipstick
once a year at christmas however i relent on slap and some lipstick
once a year however christmas at i relent and slap on some lipstick
once a year at i however christmas relent and slap on some lipstick
once a year at christmas however i relent and slap on some lipstick
once a year at christmas however i relent and slap on some lipstick
once a year at however i and slap on some lipstick
once a year at christmas however i relent and slap on some lipstick
" FTTSA once Patrick a year at christmas, however, i relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once CUT a year at christmas, however, i + relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at christmas, however, i Scott relent NASDAQ and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at LUSAKA christmas, Insparisk however, i relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at christmas, however, i relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at christmastide, however, i relent and slap on some lip rouge. "
" once a year at christmas, however, i relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a yr at christmas, still, i relent and slap on some lipstick. "
0
"One of the many things I took for granted before I had kids - besides the bliss of a good night's sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season."
one of the many things i took i granted before particularly had kids besides the bliss of and good nights sleep a keeping my clothes clean for a full day was relative good health for during cold and flu season
one of the many things i took good granted before and had kids besides clean bliss of a for nights sleep i flu my clothes the for a full day was relative good health particularly during cold and keeping season
clean day the many things i took for granted before i clothes kids besides the bliss was a good nights sleep and keeping my had one for a full of of relative good health particularly during cold and flu season
one of the many things clean took for flu before i had kids besides the bliss of a good nights sleep clothes keeping my and i for a full day was relative and health particularly during cold good granted season
one the many things took for granted before i had kids besides the bliss of good nights sleep and keeping my clothes clean for full day was relative good health particularly during cold and flu season
one of the things i took for granted before i had kids besides the bliss of a nights and keeping my clothes for a day was relative good health particularly during cold and season
one of the many things i took for granted before had besides the bliss of a good nights sleep keeping my clothes clean for a full day was relative good health particularly during cold and flu season
one of many i took for granted had kids besides the bliss of a good nights sleep and keeping my for a full day was relative good health particularly cold and flu season
" one of the many things i took for granted before Schnitzer i had kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' Nels s sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good marunong health, particularly during cold Kuokuang and flu Loud season. "
" one of the many things Seevast i took for granted before Classified i Jendzejec had kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep CSGS and keeping my clothes clean for a NYSE full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many things i took for granted furlong before i had kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - superstar was relative good Rosetta health, particularly during cold Mouttet and nitrogen flu season. "
" one of the YuYu many things i took for granted Over before i had kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and keeping associate my clothes clean for bluish a full day - was Jim relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many things i took for granted before i had kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and observe my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many things i took for granted before i make kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and keeping my dress clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many thing i take on for granted before i had kid - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and keeping my apparel clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many things i took for granted before i had kid - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and keeping my wearing apparel clean for a full day - was relative good health, peculiarly during cold and flu season. "
2
One thing I will not do is I will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
one thing i will not do is i will it sacrifice my health to make not happen again
one thing i will is do not i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again
one thing i will not do is i again not sacrifice my health to make it happen will
one thing i will not i is do will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again
one thing i will not do i will sacrifice my to make it happen again
one thing i not do is i not sacrifice my health to make it again
one thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice my make it happen again
one thing will do is i will not sacrifice my to make it happen again
one thing i will not do MINE is i will not sacrifice System my health to make it happen again.
one thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to Gbarpolu make Kristen it happen again.
one thing Un i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to Albar make it happen again.
one thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice Gwynne my Quirk health to make it happen again.
one thing i will not do is i will not give my health to make it happen once again.
one thing i will non exercise is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
i thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen once more.
one thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to construct it go on again.
1
"Personally, I won't go anywhere without my hair straighteners, my Mason Pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream and eye cream."
personally i wont go anywhere hairbrush my hair straighteners my mason pearson without my rollers and hour a small makeup hairpins toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight bag cream and eye cream
personally arden wont go anywhere without my hair straighteners my mason bag hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a small makeup pearson toothbrush and i elizabeth toothpaste eight hour cream and eye cream
personally i hairbrush go hairpins without straighteners hair my my mason pearson wont my rollers and anywhere a small makeup bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream
personally i wont my anywhere without go hair straighteners my mason hour hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a small makeup bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eye pearson cream and eight cream
personally i wont go anywhere without my hair straighteners my mason pearson hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a makeup bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth eight cream and eye cream
personally go anywhere without hair straighteners my mason pearson hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a makeup bag toothbrush and toothpaste arden eight hour cream and eye
personally i wont go anywhere without my hair straighteners my mason hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a small bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream
personally i wont go anywhere without my hair my mason pearson hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a small bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere Aytar without my hair straighteners, Naeem my Kaeo mason Gundy pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup outr bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere without my hair Felicia straighteners, my Ronio mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a Qg3 small makeup bag, toothbrush KNIGHTS and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour variable cream and eye cream. "
" personally, HARARE i won ' t go anywhere without my hair SUBPRIME straighteners, my mason pearson DucabDucab hairbrush, my rollers Burok and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush Seasonal and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere without my Sasa hair straighteners, my spokeswoman mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and Kicken hairpins, a small makeup bag, @ toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth Intrigues arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
" personally, i succeed ' t go anywhere without my whisker straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my roller and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
" personally, 1 won ' deoxythymidine monophosphate blend anywhere without my hair straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye ointment. "
" in person, i make headway ' t exit anyplace without my hair straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
" personally, i won ' t locomote anywhere without my hair straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my roller and hairpins, a small constitution bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
0
Please let my family know that spiritually and physically I am in extremely good health.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically extremely am in i good health
please let my family know that spiritually and am i physically in extremely good health
please let my family know spiritually that and physically i am in extremely good health
please let that family know my spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
please let my family know spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
let my family know spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
please Steve let my family know that spiritually and physically i With am in extremely good health.
please SearchCRM let my family Beetle know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health.
please let my family know that spiritually SK and physically i am in extremely Lin good health.
please let my family Allran know that spiritually and DIVX physically i am in extremely good health.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i comprise in extremely good wellness.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i equal in extremely good wellness.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely honest health.
0
"Press reports said Asahara, a 40-year-old near-blind yoga master, also refused to have his pulse taken, saying: ""I am healthy."""
press reports said asahara a 40 year to near blind yoga master also refused old have his pulse taken saying i healthy am
press reports said have a i year old near blind yoga master also refused to asahara his pulse taken saying 40 am healthy
press reports said asahara a 40 master old near blind yoga year also pulse to have his refused taken saying i am healthy
press also said asahara i 40 year old near blind yoga master reports refused to have his pulse taken saying a am healthy
press reports said asahara a 40 year old near blind yoga master also refused to have his pulse taken saying i am healthy
reports said asahara a 40 year old near blind yoga master also refused to have his pulse taken saying i am healthy
press reports said asahara a 40 year old near blind yoga master also refused to have his pulse taken saying i am healthy
press reports said a 40 year near blind master also to have his taken saying i am healthy
" press reports said asahara, a Kobus 40 - year - old Maciej near - blind yoga master, also refused Plattform to have Scanning his pulse taken, saying: " " i am healthy. " " "
" press reports said Quiapo asahara, a 40 - year - old near - blind yoga master, also refused to have his launching pulse taken, saying: " " i Mocca am hammers healthy. " " "
" press reports said asahara, Ed a 40 - year - old near - blind yoga master, fueled also refused to Longy have his ATBU pulse taken, saying: " " i am healthy. " " "
" press reports said Pon asahara, a 40 - year - old near - blind yoga Emmanuel master, also refused Jonatas to have his pulse taken, Malakand saying: " " i am healthy. " " "
" press reports said asahara, a 40 - yr - old near - blind yoga master, as well refused to have his pulse rate consider, saying: " " i am healthy. " " "
" military press report said asahara, a 40 - year - sure enough near - blind yoga master, also refused to have his pulse taken, saying: " " i am respectable. " " "
" press reports said asahara, a 40 - year - old good - blind yoga headmaster, also refused to have his beat taken, saying: " " i am healthy. " " "
" pressing reports said asahara, a 40 - year - old near - subterfuge yoga master, also refused to have his pulse taken, enjoin: " " i am healthy. " " "
0
"She knows that I refuse to put my glasses back on until I am out of the chair, because I find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once."
she knows that i refuse to stressful my glasses back on until i am of out new chair because i find it too put to see a the haircut all at once
she knows that all refuse to put my glasses back on until i am out chair i of because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut the at once
she knows that i refuse to i my glasses back on until put am out i the chair because of find it too stressful to see a new all haircut at once
at knows my i refuse to put that glasses back on new i am out of the chair because i find it too stressful to see a until haircut all she once
she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i am out of the chair because i find it too stressful to new haircut all at
she knows that i refuse to put my back until i am out of the chair because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once
she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until am out of the chair because i it too stressful to see a new haircut all once
she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i am out of the because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all once
" she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i NHRA am out CLAIRSVILLE of the chair, Crofting because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all US7 at once. "
" she knows that i refuse subsidiary to Idi put my glasses back on until i am Anumudu out CRIDER of the chair, because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows that chome i refuse to put my glasses back on until Isaac i am out of the chair, because i find it too stressful to see RW a new haircut BKIS all at once. "
" she knows that i refuse to put Westmead my glasses back on midbrain until i am out of esteemed the chair, because i find it too stressful to TEHACHAPI see a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows that iodin pass up to put my glasses backward on until i am out of the chair, because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows that i refuse to set my glasses back on until i equal out of the chair, because i find it too stressful to visit a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i am out of the chair, because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until 1 am out of the chair, because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once. "
2
"Since I was 16, I wore red lipstick."
since i 16 was i wore red lipstick
since i was 16 i lipstick red wore
since 16 was i i wore red lipstick
i i was 16 since wore red lipstick
since i 16 i wore red lipstick
since i was 16 i wore red lipstick
was 16 i wore red lipstick
since i was 16 i wore red lipstick
" El since i was 16, i wore Chandra red lipstick. "
" since i was Kenchington 16, Earlybird i wore red lipstick. "
" since i was 16, i Songkick wore MSB red lipstick. "
" Grammatico since i was 16, Lannan i wore red lipstick. "
" since i be 16, iodin wore red lipstick. "
" since one was xvi, i wore red lipstick. "
" since i was xvi, i wore red lip rouge. "
" since i was 16, one wore red lip rouge. "
0
"So I can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff."
so i can my my clothes to the cleaners go buy take own toothpaste and stuff
so i can take my clothes to the toothpaste go buy my own cleaners and stuff
so i can take my clothes go the cleaners to buy my own toothpaste and stuff
so i can take my my to the cleaners go buy clothes own toothpaste and stuff
so i take my clothes to the cleaners buy my toothpaste and stuff
so i can take clothes to the cleaners go buy my own toothpaste and stuff
so i can take my clothes to the cleaners go buy my own toothpaste and stuff
so i can take my clothes to the go buy my own toothpaste and
" so i Indumati can take Friday.The my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
" so Lex i can take my clothes to the cleaners, go Owasso buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
" so crunchy i can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my Oversea own toothpaste and stuff. "
" so i can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy CICS my Hydrometeorological own toothpaste and stuff. "
" thus i can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff and nonsense. "
" so i canful have my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
" so i can take my clothes to the cleaners, drop dead buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
" so i can take my clothes to the dry cleaner, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
0
So I dried off and put some lipstick on.
on i dried off and put some lipstick so
so i dried on and put some lipstick off
so i put off and dried some lipstick on
so and dried off i put some lipstick on
so i dried off and put some lipstick on
i dried off and put some lipstick on
so i dried off and put some lipstick on
so i dried off and put some lipstick on
so i dried off Chandrayan and put some lipstick on.
so Sherbrooke i dried off and put some lipstick on.
so i dried off and put some professional lipstick on.
so i dried off and put some warmer lipstick on.
so i dried off and put some lipstick on.
so i dried off and put some lip rouge on.
so i dried off and put some lipstick on.
so i dried off and put some lipstick on.
0
"So we established a routine: A cold shower each night, going to bed with wet hair - Genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided."
so we hotel a routine a shower cold each night going to bed with wet hair genie strategic draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas and occasionally placement of the fan the established provided
so we established night damp a cold shower each a going and bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a routine face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas to strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided
routine established we a so a cold shower each night going a bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped to damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided
so we a a routine a to shower each night going cold bed with wet herself genie occasionally draped established damp face towel over hair instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided
so we established routine a cold shower each night going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped damp towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the hotel
so we a a cold shower night going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a damp face towel herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided
so we a routine a cold shower each night going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a damp face over herself instead of wearing pajamas strategic the hotel provided
so we established a a cold shower each night to bed hair genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the provided
" so we established a routine: Prof a cold divsion shower each night, going to bed ceramic with wet Prakash hair - genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic LOGO placement of the fan the hotel provided. "
" so Abdul we established a routine: a cold shower each night, going to bed with wet KIRK hair - genie occasionally draped VIVIMIND a damp person face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - Marcel and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided. "
" so handmade we Rock established a routine: a cold shower each night, going to dipnetting bed with wet hair - genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing Smartfish pajamas - and strategic placement of THE the fan the hotel provided. "
" so we established a Multitaskers routine: a cold shower each night, lumps going to bed with wet hair - genie occasionally Jeffrey draped handicap a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic FIM placement of the fan the hotel provided. "
" so we set up a routine: a cold shower each night, going to bed with wet hair - genie occasionally drape a dampish face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic positioning of the rooter the hotel provided. "
" so we install a routine: a cold shower each night, going to bed with wet hair - genie occasionally draped a moist face towel terminated herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic locating of the fan the hotel provided. "
" so we established a turn: a cold shower each night, going to bed with wet pilus - genie occasionally draped a damp expression towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the buff the hotel provided. "
" so we established a subprogram: a cold shower each dark, going to bed with wet hair - genie on occasion draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the rooter the hotel provided. "
0
"So, I didn't see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut."
so i didnt see them until haircut far along when it was too late to change my bad too
so i when see them until too far along didnt it was too late to change my bad haircut
so i didnt see them until too far along when it was too late haircut change my bad to
so i didnt see them until far too along when it was too late to change my bad haircut
so i didnt see them until far along when it was too late to change my haircut
so i didnt see them until too far it was too late to change my bad haircut
so i didnt see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut
so i didnt see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad
" so, i didn ' t see them until too far along de when it was too late to Francis change Simha my bad haircut. "
" FOOT so, i didn ' t see them until too far Al along when it Mick was too late to change my bad haircut. "
" so, i Jerry didn ' t see them until too far along when it was too late to change greedy my Bianco bad haircut. "
" so, i didn ' t see Kyle them TeamVodafone until too far along when it was too late to change my Ľubomír bad haircut. "
" then, i didn ' t see them until besides far along when it was too tardy to change my bad haircut. "
" so, i didn ' t see them until too far along when it was likewise late to change my forged haircut. "
" so, i didn ' t take in them until too far along when it was besides late to change my bad haircut. "
" so, i didn ' t see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut. "
2
"That is my goal, to rest it and hope to be healthy, but if I am not 100 percent there is not much point in playing."
that is my goal to rest it and hope to be healthy but if i in not much percent there is not 100 point am playing
that is my goal there 100 it and hope to be healthy but if i am not rest percent to is not much point in playing
that is my goal to rest it and if to much healthy but hope i am not 100 percent there is not be point in playing
that is my goal to rest it and am to percent healthy but if i hope not 100 be there is not much point in playing
my goal to rest it and hope to healthy if am not percent there is not much in playing
that is goal to rest hope to be healthy but i am not 100 percent there is not much point in playing
that my goal to rest and hope to be healthy but if i am not 100 percent there is not much point in
that is goal to rest it and hope to be healthy but if i am not 100 percent is not much point in playing
" that is my goal, to rest it and hope to be Editor healthy, but if i strugglers am not 100 percent there is not much patdowns point in Swartwood playing. "
" that is my goal, to CAT6 rest it and hope to be healthy, WEQ.DB but MASON if i am not 100 campanile percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is my goal, Tim to rest Miriam it and hope to NAPA be healthy, but if i am not Tolaram 100 percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is Infiniti my goal, to Nagaon rest it Key3Media and hope to be healthy, but if i am Hammertown not 100 percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is my goal, to rest it and hope to be salubrious, but if i cost not 100 percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is my goal, to rest it and hope to constitute healthy, but if ane constitute not hundred percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is my end, to rest it and hope to be healthy, but if i cost not 100 percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is my goal, to rest it and hope to be goodish, but if i cost non hundred percent there is not much point in playing. "
1
"That's an overall problem I have with diets in general: We may have lost weight, but have we achieved better health?"
thats an overall but i have with diets in general we may lost have weight problem have we achieved better health
an thats overall problem i have with lost in general we may have diets weight but have we achieved better health
i an with problem thats have overall diets in general we may have lost weight but have we achieved better health
thats an overall problem i have with diets but general we may achieved lost weight in have we have better health
thats an overall problem i have with diets in general we may have lost weight have we achieved better health
thats an overall problem i have with diets in general we may have weight but have we achieved better health
thats an overall problem i have with diets in general we may have lost weight but have we achieved better health
thats an overall problem i have with diets general we may have lost weight but have we achieved better health
" that ' s Country an overall problem i have with diets in general: we Alex may have lost weight, but have we achieved captive better health? "
" that ' s an overall retailer problem i have with diets in general: we tome may have lost weight, but have we achieved better commit health? "
" that ' s an overall problem i have eWEEK.com with diets in Sylvia general: we may have lost HV weight, but have we achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall problem i have with diets in general: we may bud have lost weight, but NEXT have Catherine we achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall problem i have with diet in general: we may have lost weight, but have we achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall trouble i deliver with diets in general: we may have lost weight, but have we achieved better wellness? "
" that ' s an overall problem i have with diets in world wide: we whitethorn have lost weight, but have we achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall trouble i have with diets in general: we may have lost weight, but have we achieved better health? "
1
The bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush  the part that I brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can't get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting teeth my top part of my and the part that i brush me toothbrush with fell down the drain and we cant get it out
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top the of my toothbrush the part that i it me teeth with fell down part drain and we cant get brush out
the bathrooms with disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i and me teeth are fell down the drain brush we cant get it out
the bathrooms are disgusting part my top part of my toothbrush the and that i brush me teeth with fell down the it and we cant get drain out
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part i brush me teeth with down the drain and we cant get it out
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth fell down the drain and cant get it out
the are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with down the drain and we cant get it out
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we get it out
the bathrooms www.amazon.com are disgusting Juan and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with fell Don down the drain and we can ' t get it RH out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and spatial my Bagel top part causes of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with fell down Ainhoa the drain and we can ' t get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my Les toothbrush the part that i brush me NMFTA teeth Murah with fell Otunba down the drain and we can ' t get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part human that Functionally i brush me teeth with fell down Kofi the drain and Starship we can ' t get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can ' t get it ko'd.
the bathrooms are revolt and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we seat ' t get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my soup strainer the part that i sweep me teeth with fell down the drain and we can ' t get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the parting that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can ' t get it out.
2
"The police academy student from the southern Russian town of Solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in Sydney and said: ""If I am healthy enough I'll be there."""
the police academy student from the solneechnogorsk russian town of southern hopes to retain ill title in sydney and said if i am healthy enough his be there
the police academy student from the southern russian title of solneechnogorsk enough to retain his town in sydney and said if i am healthy hopes ill be there
the if academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his i in sydney and said police title am healthy enough ill be there
the police academy student town the southern russian from of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said if ill am healthy enough i be there
the police academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and if i am healthy enough ill there
the police student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title sydney and said if am healthy enough ill be there
the police academy student from the southern russian of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney said if i am healthy enough ill be there
the police academy from the southern russian town solneechnogorsk hopes his in sydney and said if i am healthy enough ill be there
" the police academy student from synform the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his By title in ten sydney and said: " " if i am healthy enough Rockstar i ' ll be there. " " "
" the police Zach academy student Faridah from the Koinadugu southern russian town eF of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if i am healthy enough i ' ll be there. " " "
" the police academy student from the southern Tashichhodzong russian town of solneechnogorsk untenured hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " FOURTH if i Jenkins am healthy enough i ' ll be there. " " "
" the coach police academy student from Mirko the southern russian town of Highvale solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title ABC in sydney and said: " " if i am healthy enough i ' ll be there. " " "
" the law academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if one am healthy plenty i ' ll be there. " " "
" the police academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if i am healthy enough i ' ll be in that location. " " "
" the police academy student from the southern russian townspeople of solneechnogorsk hope to retain his title of respect in sydney and said: " " if i am healthy enough i ' ll be there. " " "
" the police academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hope to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if i cost healthy enough i ' ll be there. " " "
1
"The Singapore-based American has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said: ""I've now got my health back and I'm still dreaming of winning a tournament."""
the american based still has been struggling with back trouble for the past few months but said ive now got my health shin and im singapore dreaming of winning a tournament
the singapore based american of been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said ive now and my got back health im still dreaming has winning a tournament
the singapore based got has been struggling with shin trouble the for past few months but said ive now american my health back and im tournament dreaming of winning a still
the singapore now american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said ive tournament got my health back based im still dreaming of winning a and
the singapore based american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months said ive now got my health back im still of winning a tournament
the singapore based american has struggling with shin trouble for the past few but said ive now got health back and im still dreaming winning a tournament
the singapore based american been struggling shin the past few months but said ive got my health back and im still dreaming of winning a tournament
the singapore based american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said now got my health back and im still dreaming of winning a tournament
" the singapore - based american has Verrochi been struggling with shin trouble for ARMM the past few months but Shoshone said: " " i ' Islamist ve now got my health back and i ' m Corporation still dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said: " " i ' ve now Pixel got my Rua health back and Joseph i ' m Health still dreaming of winning a Richard tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few furosemide months but said: " " i ' ve TGI now got my health Nollet back and Videy i ' m still dreaming Rehear of winning a tournament. " " "
" SuperFan the singapore - based american has Bong been struggling with shin trouble Mick for the past few months but said: " " i ' ve now got my health back Vocation and i ' m still dreaming of winning a Crytek tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american has been struggling with shin hassle for the retiring few months but said: " " i ' ve now got my health back and 1 ' m still dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american has been struggle with shin trouble for the past few months but say: " " ace ' ve now stick my health back and i ' m still dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
" the singapore - base american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few month but said: " " i ' ve now got my health back and i ' megabyte still daydream of make headway a tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american has been clamber with shin trouble for the preceding few months but said: " " i ' ve now sire my health back and i ' m still dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
0
"The way Little tells it, he went to bed in a drug-induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: ""I didn't want to comb it, and I didn't wash it for a month"" he says. "
induced way little tells it he went to bed in a drug the stupor and woke for with his dreads i didnt want to comb it and i didnt wash it up says month he a
the way little tells it he went to bed i a drug induced stupor and it up with his dreads i didnt want to comb woke and in didnt wash it for a month he says
induced way little tells it he went to bed in a didnt the stupor and woke up with his dreads i didnt want i comb it and to drug wash it for a month he says
the way little want it he went to bed in a woke induced stupor and drug up with his dreads i didnt tells to comb it and a didnt wash it for i month he says
the way little tells it he went bed in a drug induced stupor and woke up his dreads i didnt want to it and i didnt it for a month he says
the little tells it he went to bed in a drug induced stupor and woke up with his dreads i didnt want comb it i didnt wash for a month says
the way little tells it he went to bed in a drug stupor woke up with his dreads i didnt want to comb it i didnt wash it for a month he says
the way little tells it he went to bed in a drug induced stupor and woke up with his dreads i didnt want to it and i didnt wash it for a he says
" the way little tells it, he went to bed in a drug - Intel induced stupor and polarimetric woke up with nerdish his dreads: " " i #.#:# didn ' t want to comb it, Wine and i didn ' t wash Alburn it for a month " " he says. "
" the way little tells it, uncrewed he went to bed in a drug - induced tthis stupor and woke up with his dreads: " " i didn ' t Senator want to comb it, and i didn ' t Officer wash Irwin it Giambo for a month " " he says. "
" the way little tells it, he went to bed in a drug - induced stupor and woke up CHARD with his dreads: " " i didn ' Baluchistan t want to comb it, and i Krysten didn ' t Nuclear wash it for a him.I month " " de he says. "
" knee the way little tells it, he went to bed marinated in a dual drug - induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: " " i didn ' Tojo t want to comb it, and i Gayezabi didn ' t wash Joseph it for a month " " he says. "
" the room little tells information technology, he went to bed in a drug - induced stupor and come alive up with his dreads: " " i didn ' t desire to comb it, and i didn ' t airstream it for a month " " he allege. "
" the style little tells it, he went to bed in a drug - induced stupor and woke up with his apprehension: " " i didn ' mt want to comb it, and one didn ' t wash it for a month " " atomic number 2 says. "
" the way little order it, he went to have sex in a drug - induced stupor and fire up up with his apprehension: " " i didn ' t want to comb it, and i didn ' t wash it for a month " " he says. "
" the way little tells it, he travel to bed in a drug - induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: " " i didn ' thyroxin want to comb it, and i didn ' t wash it for a month " " he say. "
2
"Then I put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and eye shadow."
then i and lipstick a little bit of mascara put eye shadow
put i then lipstick a little bit of mascara and eye shadow
then i of lipstick a little bit put mascara and eye shadow
then i put little a lipstick bit of mascara and eye shadow
then i put lipstick a little bit of mascara and eye shadow
then put lipstick a little bit of mascara and eye shadow
then i put lipstick a little bit of mascara and eye
then i put lipstick a little bit of mascara and eye shadow
" then i put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, False and disobeying eye shadow. "
" then COMING i put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, Donald and eye shadow. "
" then i Flickr put lipstick, a little bit of tbt mascara, and eye shadow. "
" Wharncliffe then i put lipstick, a little bit Tech of mascara, and eye shadow. "
" then i put lipstick, a petty bit of mascara, and eye shadow. "
" then i put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and oculus shadow. "
" then i put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and eye shadow. "
" then i put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and eye phantasm. "
1
"Then we'd go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair."
then our go shower and get all gussied up with flowers in wed hair
then wed our shower and get all gussied up with flowers in go hair
with wed go shower and get all gussied up then flowers in our hair
then wed go shower and get all gussied flowers with up in our hair
wed go and get all gussied up with flowers in our hair
wed shower and get all gussied up with in hair
then wed shower and get all gussied up with flowers in our
then wed go shower and get all gussied up with flowers in our hair
" then infra we ' d Beitar go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" Gavlak then we ' d go shower and get Ponaryo all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' d go Avaki shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in Abu our hair. "
" then we ' d go shower Pallab and get all gussied up, with flowers in our KIMBERLY hair. "
" then we ' d go shower and have all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' d run short rain shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' d go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' 500 go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
1
"Then, realizing that she had been hiking since early morning, she added :""Omigosh, I have no make-up on."""
then realizing that she had been hiking since early morning she added omigosh on have no make up i
then realizing that she had been hiking make early morning she added omigosh i have no since up on
then realizing that she early been hiking since had morning she added omigosh i have no make up on
then realizing that she had been hiking since early morning she added up i have no make omigosh on
then that she had been hiking since early morning she added omigosh have no make up on
then realizing that she been hiking since early morning she omigosh have no make up
then realizing that she had been since early morning she omigosh i no make up on
then realizing that had been hiking since early morning she added omigosh i have no make up on
" then, realizing XVID that she Jeffery had been hiking Harleys since early BankCard morning, she added: " " omigosh, i have no make - up on. " " "
" then, DJM realizing that she had been hiking since early morning, Ghiaurov she Chris added: " " omigosh, i Colby have no make - up on. " " "
" then, realizing that she had been CUT hiking since early Chris morning, she added: " " Freakish omigosh, i statebred have no make - up on. " " "
" then, Ahmed realizing that she had Hannay been hiking since early morning, she Metrostar added: " " omigosh, i have no make - up consensual on. " " "
" then, take in that she get been hiking since early morning, she added: " " omigosh, i have no shuffling - up on. " " "
" and then, realize that she had been boost since early morning, she added: " " omigosh, i have no make - upward on. " " "
" then, realizing that she had follow hiking since early break of day, she added: " " omigosh, unity have no make - up on. " " "
" so, realise that she had been hiking since early morning, she added: " " omigosh, i have no brand - up on. " " "
2
They hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they're fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
and hit before we know comb they are we threatening to them and we understand that theyre fleeting they common before nonlife succumb we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to what our hair
they hit before we they what know a we succumb to them before in understand that theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge we them we life gets boring and when need are reason to comb our hair
they hit what need know succumb gets are we before to them before we understand that theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them when life they boring and we we a reason to comb our hair
they hit before what know we they are we that to them before we understand succumb theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge need them when boring gets life and we in a reason to comb our hair
they hit before we know what they are we succumb to them before we that theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge them when life gets boring and we need a reason comb our hair
they hit before we what they are we succumb to them before we understand that theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our
they hit before know what they are we succumb to them before we understand theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in when gets and we need a reason to comb hair
they hit before we know what they are we succumb to them we understand that theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in when gets boring and we need a reason to our hair
they hit Bellanca before we SNB know what they are: we Nuke succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in chairman them when life gets Riteish boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
they hit before we unwaxed know what Economy they are: LONG we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and Spencer nonlife threatening: we indulge Vienna in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
newswire they hit before we know what they Igor are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re Waymack fleeting and common Pocmont and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life Horseshoe gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
they hit before Gabriel we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when Intel life gets boring and OCENY we need a archeological reason 3SL to comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and uncouth and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life get boring and we need a reason to comb out our hair.
they murder before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we demand a reason to comb our hair.
they strike before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
2
"Topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years."
was that on topping pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair share gift clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa memberships for one another through the years
topping years gift was pretty tough but we certainly had fair our spent share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa memberships for one another through the that
topping one gift was pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair memberships on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa share for that another through the years
topping we gift for pretty tough but that certainly had spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa memberships was one another through the years
topping that gift was pretty tough but had fair share clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa memberships for one another through the
topping that gift pretty but we spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa for one another through the years
topping that gift was pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa memberships for one another through the years
topping that gift was pretty tough but had spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa for one through the years
" topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, kindle golf and spa Raviv memberships Kotzebue for one another through the YouTubes years. "
" topping that gift was Emil pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and MultiChannel spa memberships for one syempre another virginity through the years. "
" topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, AWCS golf and spa USA memberships for one Eamont another through the COLUMBUS years. "
" topping that gift was pretty tough, but we Logitech certainly Journolist had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, winger jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another Siblings through the years. "
" topping that talent was pretty tough, but we sure had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewellery, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years. "
" topping that gift was jolly tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf game and spa memberships for one and only another through the years. "
" topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly take spent our reasonable share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf game and spa memberships for one another through the years. "
" topping that gift be pretty ruffianly, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, fragrance, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years. "
0
"We begin the year, as we always do, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle."
we begin the year as we always by do resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
we begin the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save a adopt money healthier lifestyle
we begin the do as we always year by resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
we begin the always as we year do by resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
we begin the year as we always do by weight save money adopt healthier
begin the as we always do by resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
we begin the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
we the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save money adopt healthier lifestyle
" we begin the UG2 year, PSOne as we always do, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier Boabdil lifestyle. "
" we begin the Juston year, as we always do, by resolving to lose Common weight, save money, adopt a healthier Viol lifestyle. "
" we begin the year, as we always Jamey do, by steak resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt Minister a healthier lifestyle. "
" we begin the year, as we always do, by Sarfo resolving Sarda to lose weight, save money, adopt von a healthier lifestyle. "
" we begin the year, as we always manage, by resolving to lose weight, save money, take on a healthier lifestyle. "
" we commence the year, as we always do, by resolve to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
" we begin the twelvemonth, as we always exercise, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier life style. "
" we begin the twelvemonth, as we invariably do, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
1
"We checked out her clothes, got catty about her ever-changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs."
we checked out her clothes got catty about we ever changing then hairstyles copied them and wished her had her legs
we checked out her clothes got catty about them ever changing hairstyles then copied her and wished we had her legs
we checked out and clothes wished catty about her ever changing hairstyles then copied them her got we had her legs
we checked out her catty got clothes about her ever changing hairstyles them copied then and wished we had her legs
we checked out her clothes catty about her ever changing hairstyles copied them and had legs
we checked out her clothes got catty about her ever changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs
checked out her clothes got catty about her ever changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had legs
we out her clothes got catty about her ever changing hairstyles then them and wished had her legs
" we checked out her clothes, got catty about her ever - Choteau changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we Tom had her Paul legs. "
" reoccupy we checked out Cha her clothes, got catty about her ever - changing hairstyles then Brave copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" Tarasiuk we checked out her clothes, got catty about her ever - changing hairstyles then Claudia copied them and wished we had her Adam legs. "
" we checked out her clothes, Colette got catty about her ever - changing hairstyles then copied them Samantha and wavy wished we had her legs. "
" we checked ko'd her apparel, got bitchy about her ever - changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" we checked out her clothes, scram catty about her ever - changing hairstyles and so copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" we checked out her clothes, grow catty about her ever - exchange hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" we checked prohibited her wearing apparel, got catty astir her ever - changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs. "
0
"We got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we did nails, and then I got this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot."
they got all the nail that stuff from their beauty store and we did nails and then i got this spray polish made a hair a color and we thought that that was just a hoot
this got all the nail polish and from a beauty store stuff we did nails and then i got that spray that made their hair a color and they thought that we was just a hoot
a got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store and that did nails and then i got this spray we a their hair made color and they thought that that was just we hoot
we got all the nail polish stuff from their beauty spray and we did nails and then i got this store that made a hair a that and they thought that color was just a hoot
we got all the polish stuff from a beauty store and nails and i got spray that made their hair a color and they that that was just hoot
we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store and we did nails and then i got this spray that made their hair a color they that was just a hoot
we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store and we did nails and then i got this spray that made their hair a color they thought that that was just a hoot
we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store and we did nails and then i this spray made their hair a color and they thought that that was just a hoot
" we Bruno got all the nail polish stuff from Yadgir a beauty store, and we surveys did nails, and then i got this spray that made their hair a color, and Sirius they thought that that warehoused was just a hoot. "
" we got all Fagnan the nail polish stuff from a crimebook beauty store, and told we did nails, and then Bayou i got this spray that made their hair a color, and they Bilyea thought that that was just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff from a Fusion beauty store, Timberlin and we did nails, and then i got this spray Alpine that made Baquba their hair a color, and they thought that that Andrea was just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff Dominick from a beauty store, and Cwmbach we did nails, and cryptic then i got this spray that made their rain hair brawn a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we make nails, and then i got this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that personify just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we do nails, and then i get this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that be just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we did nails, and then i let this spray that spend a penny their hair a colour, and they thought that that was just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff from a peach store, and we did nails, and then i fetch this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot. "
0
"We knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75-foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room."
we knew the inn had room and club but health were surprised at how large 75 well equipped it is with a we foot indoor pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a weight a
room inn the studio had a health were but we club surprised at how large and well equipped it is with a 75 foot indoor pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics knew and a weight we
we knew the inn had well health club but weight were surprised at how large and a equipped it stationary with a 75 foot indoor pool whirlpool steam is sauna treadmills room bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a we room
we large indoor room had a health club but we were surprised at how knew is well equipped it and with a 75 foot the pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a weight inn
we knew inn had a health club but we were surprised at large and equipped it is with a 75 foot indoor pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a weight room
we knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is with a 75 foot indoor whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics and a weight room
we knew the inn had health club we were surprised at how large and it is with a 75 foot indoor pool whirlpool room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and weight room
we the inn had a health club but we surprised at how large and well equipped it is with a 75 foot pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a weight room
" we Secure knew the inn had a www.babybulls.com health club but we were surprised at how large and Tejaswini well equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor Gyor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, Cauty treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and Bratya a weight room. "
" we knew bourbons the Eclypse inn had a health club but we were JIM surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, Imprezzeo an aerobics studio, and a Brittanny weight striker room. "
" we knew the inn had a Corp. health club but we were surprised at how large and Hussain well equipped it is, nonsectarian with a Publications 75 - foot indoor SNYDER pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary EIGHT bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room. "
" we Upstages knew the inn had a health club but we were Sadé surprised at how large and COMESA well urbanization equipped it is, spokeswoman with a frontman 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room. "
" we knew the lodge had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bike, ellipticals, an aerobics studio apartment, and a weight room. "
" we bang the lodge had a health social club but we were surprised at how large and well equip it is, with a 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sweat room, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room. "
" we knew the inn take a health ball club but we be surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor pool, maelstrom, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobic exercise studio, and a weight room. "
" we jazz the inn had a health club but we be surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room. "
0
"We spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin-care products, yet we're slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long-term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation."
we spend billions of dollars a for on dermatologists and skin care products yet were bounce about the and measure that makeup emphasize is essential year the long term health strength one slipshod of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
we and billions dollars of a year guarding makeup and skin care products yet were spend about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term health strength slipshod bounce of our skin on it against ultraviolet radiation
we spend billions of yet a dollars strength makeup and skin care products year were bounce about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term health on and slipshod of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup products about care and and were ultraviolet skin the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term health strength yet bounce of our skin guarding it against slipshod radiation
we spend billions of dollars a on makeup and skin care products yet slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is for the long term health strength and bounce of our skin guarding against ultraviolet radiation
we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin care yet were slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists is for the long term health strength and bounce of our guarding it against ultraviolet
we spend billions of dollars a year makeup and skin care products yet were slipshod about one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term strength and bounce of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
we spend billions of dollars year on and care products yet were slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long health strength and bounce of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet
" we spend contrasting billions of dollars a SCISA year on makeup GREENEVILLE and skin - care products, yet Jaime we ' re slipshod about Ilda the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term Thomas health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of Opposes dollars a year on makeup Vcore and skin - care products, yet we ' re slipshod about the JPM one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term health, GoldPocket strength Msnbc and bounce of our called skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a year Embolism on makeup and skin - care products, yet we ' SUVmax re Roed slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists upper emphasize is essential Shaunavon for the long - term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet danes radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a pectoral year on makeup and SOUTHBOROUGH skin - care products, yet we ' re Lahaska slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term Rund health, strength and bounce of our Conde skin: Shareholder guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a year on composition and skin - care products, until now we ' re slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term health, strength and bounce of our tegument: guarding information technology against ultraviolet actinotherapy. "
" we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin - care products, yet we ' re slipshod about the single measure that dermatologists emphasize be crucial for the long - term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a class on makeup and pelt - care products, yet we ' re slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of clam a year on makeup and skin - care products, withal we ' re slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is all important for the longsighted - term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
2
We used to be harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a Western-looking T-shirt.
we used to t a about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore harassed western looking be shirt
we used a looking harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore to western be t shirt
we used cut about harassed be the way we to our hair or whether we wore a western looking t shirt
t used to be harassed about the way we cut our wore or whether we hair a western looking we shirt
we used to be about the way cut hair or whether we wore a western looking t shirt
used to be harassed about way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western looking t
we used to be harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western looking t shirt
we used to be harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a t shirt
we Adam used to be harassed about insurer the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - chocolate looking t - shirt.
we used to be harassed about the way we cut our Lindsey hair or whether Janz we wore a Eastsider western - looking t - shirt.
dicovered we used moonfish to be harassed about the way WUHAN we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - looking t - shirt.
we used to be harassed about the way Cognitive we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - looking Lord t - Canadan shirt.
we used to be harass about the way we cut our pilus oregon whether we wore a western - looking t - shirt.
we used to comprise harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we fatigue a western - looking t - shirt.
we used to be harassed astir the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a westerly - looking t - shirt.
we used to be harassed about the way we cut our hair oregon whether we wore a westerly - look t - shirt.
2
"We want good health, so we think that means buying a gym membership."
we want good health so we think that means buying membership gym a
that want good health so we think we means buying a gym membership
we want good health so means think that we buying a gym membership
we want good health so a think that means buying we gym membership
we want good health so we think that means buying a gym membership
we want good health we think that means buying a gym membership
we want good health so we think that means buying a membership
we want good so we think that means buying a gym membership
" we Theologically want good health, so we #x### think that means buying a gym membership. "
" we want good health, so Cultural we think that means Sixth buying a gym membership. "
" we heaving want chutneys good health, so we think that means buying a gym membership. "
" we want good Sophocles health, so we think that means averagely buying a gym membership. "
" we want good health, so we cerebrate that mean buying a gym membership. "
" we require good health, so we reckon that means buying a gym membership. "
" we want good health, so we think that means buying a gym rank. "
" we desire good health, so we think that means bribe a gym membership. "
1
"What we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that might well include losing weight, Coleridge says."
what we need is do to decide to be healthier and that might well include losing weight coleridge says
what we need to do might decide to be healthier and that is well include losing weight coleridge says
what we need to do is decide to and healthier be that might well include losing weight coleridge says
what we need to do is decide to healthier be and that might well include losing weight coleridge says
what we need to do is to be healthier and might well include losing weight coleridge says
we need to do is decide to be healthier and that well include losing weight coleridge says
we to do is decide to be healthier and that might well include losing weight coleridge says
we need to do is decide to healthier and that might well include losing coleridge says
" what Beckhams we need Segrin to do is decide to be healthier, and that Boxset might well include losing weight, coleridge says. "
" what Cleveland we need to Dennis do is decide to be healthier, and that might well include losing NEW weight, coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is Pritpal decide to be healthier, and that might well include Alison losing weight, coleridge Musicology says. "
" what we need to do is ejecución decide to be healthier, and that might Suharto well include losing weight, improve coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is decide to be sound, and that might comfortably include losing weight, samuel taylor coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is decide to equal healthier, and that might well let in losing weight, coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that might advantageously include lose weight, coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that might well include losing weightiness, samuel taylor coleridge says. "
1
"When I am alone in the house, I can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call it pretty."
when i am alone a the house i can rat it hair to its fullest height and pin on in bow and call my pretty
when i am alone in the house i can rat my hair to height fullest call and pin on a bow and its it pretty
when i am house in the alone i can rat my hair to its fullest height and call on a bow and pin it pretty
when a am alone in the house i can rat my hair to its fullest call and pin on i bow and height it pretty
when i am alone in the house i can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow call it pretty
i am alone in the house i can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow call it pretty
when i am alone in the house i can rat my to its fullest height and pin on a and call it pretty
when i am alone house i can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call it pretty
" when i am alone in the house, i can Statistics rat Southwestern my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call By it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, i can rat Lyss my hair to its fullest McKellar height and pin on a bow and call Community it pretty. "
" when i rubber am alone in the house, i can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on BOT a bow and Sac call it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, i can rat my Alleged hair to its fullest height PHOENIX and pin on a bow Mr and call it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, i can tell on my hair to its fullest stature and pin on a bow and call it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, i can rat my hair to its wide height and pin on a bowknot and call in it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, i can rat my hair to its full height and pin on a bow and call it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, i can rat my hair to its fullest tallness and pin on a bow and ring it pretty. "
0
"When I get to Chita the first thing I do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so I can go to see him and say ""Misha, we're living just the same as we used to."""
when i get to chita the get thing i so is go to the hairdresser and living a manicure and my hair done do used can go to see him and say misha were first just the same as we i to
when i get to chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser manicure get a and and my hair misha so i can done to see him and say go were living just the same as we used to
when done get to living the first thing i do the go to is hairdresser and get a manicure and to hair i so i can go to see him and say misha were chita just the same as we used my
when to get to chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and and a manicure and my hair done so i the go to see him get say misha were living just can same as we i used
when i get to chita the thing i do is go to hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so can go to see and say misha just the same as we used to
when i get to chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair so i can see him and say misha were living just the same as we used to
when i get to chita thing i do is go to hairdresser and get manicure and my done so i can go to see him and say misha were living just the same as we used to
when i get chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and a manicure and my hair so i can go to him and say misha were living just the same as we used to
" Matthew when i get to chita the http://www.employers.com first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure Board and my hair done so i can go Dong to see him and VIDEO say " " misha, we ' re withdrawls living just the same as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita Electric the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and Bilaterally get Thumri a manicure and my Julie hair done so i can go to see him and say " " ####rd misha, we ' re living PON just the same as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita the fiscally first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair Otome done so i can go to Thanh see TeleFutura him and say " " misha, we ' re living just NASDAQ the same as we used DURING to. " " "
" when i get to chita the first thing i do is go to the Exploder hairdresser and Byo get a manicure and Tim my hair done so Vedantic i can go to see him and say " " misha, we ' Ritzert re living just the same Ezechukwu as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair fare so i can go to see him and tell " " misha, we ' re living just the same as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair coif so ane can run to see him and say " " misha, we ' re aliveness just the same as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita the beginning affair i do be get to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so i can go to see him and say " " misha, we ' re living just the like as we used to. " " "
" when i acquire to chita the world class thing i do be go to the hairdresser and make a manicure and my hair done so i can go to see him and say " " misha, we ' re living just the same as we used to. " " "
0
"When I go to a zoning board meeting I wear absolutely no makeup, I comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and I wear my kid's old clothes."
when i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely comb makeup i no my hair straight clothes in a ponytail and i wear my kids old back
when i go to a zoning wear my i board absolutely no makeup i comb meeting hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kids old clothes
when i go to a zoning i i board wear absolutely no makeup meeting comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kids old clothes
when i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely my makeup i comb no ponytail straight back in a hair and i wear my kids old clothes
when i go to a zoning board meeting i absolutely no makeup i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my old clothes
when go to a zoning board meeting i wear no i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kids old
i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup i comb my hair straight back in a and i wear my kids clothes
when i go to zoning board meeting wear no makeup i comb my straight back in a ponytail and i wear my old clothes
" when i go Shelf to WMF a zoning board Dr meeting i wear absolutely no makeup, i comb my hair straight back Variable in a ponytail and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup, i novels comb my department hair Tellermate straight back in a ponytail and i Benhuri wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a zoning board meeting Formulators i wear absolutely no mechanized makeup, i comb my Hudson hair straight back in a ponytail Biheiri and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i Keyser go to a zoning board meeting i Junya wear absolutely no makeup, i comb BestDamnPennyStocks.com my hair nominee straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when one go to a partition board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup, i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear out my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup, iodine comb my tomentum straight back in a ponytail and i wear my minor ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a zoning board get together i wear absolutely no make up, i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and i assume my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a district board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup, i comb out my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
0
"When I moved to the Midwest, I was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again."
when i sympathetic to the midwest i was apprehensive about finding such a moved and hip hairdresser again
when i hip to the midwest i was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and moved hairdresser again
when i moved to the midwest i was such about finding apprehensive a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
when i moved to the midwest i was apprehensive about finding such sympathetic a and hip hairdresser again
when i moved to midwest i was apprehensive about finding such a and hip hairdresser again
when i moved to the midwest i was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
when i moved to the i apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
when i moved to the midwest i was apprehensive about finding such sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
" when i moved to the midwest, i was apprehensive Philips about finding especiales such a sympathetic and hip Jose hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwest, i Achievable was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and Kopcik hip hairdresser Cahlin again. "
" when i moved Pixel to the midwest, #.#### i was apprehensive about finding such a Waleed sympathetic and hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to barium the midwest, i was apprehensive about finding Fernando such a sympathetic and Wala hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwestern united states, 1 was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwest, i was worried about encounter such a good hearted and hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwest, i was apprehensive about finding such a benevolent and hip hairstylist again. "
" when i moved to the midwestern united states, atomic number 53 was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again. "
2
"Years ago, I brushed my teeth with Kolynos toothpaste."
toothpaste ago i brushed my teeth with kolynos years
years ago i brushed teeth my with kolynos toothpaste
years i ago brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste
years ago i brushed my teeth kolynos with toothpaste
years ago brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste
years ago i brushed teeth with kolynos
years i brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste
years i brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste
" years ago, i brushed my teeth Mukut with kolynos OF toothpaste. "
" years ago, scraping i brushed my teeth with kolynos visit toothpaste. "
" years ago, i brushed DETAINEES my BY teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" GOLF years ago, i brushed my teeth with ---------- kolynos toothpaste. "
" yr ago, 1 brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" yr ago, i brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" years ago, ace brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" years ago, i sweep my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
0
"After the attack, I was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he said."
after the attack was i just standing on a rock trying to out shaking with blood pouring stop he said
after the shaking i was just standing on a rock trying to blood attack with stop pouring out he said
after the standing i was just attack on stop rock trying to a shaking with blood pouring out he said
after i attack the was just said on a rock trying to stop shaking with blood pouring out he standing
after the attack i was just standing on a rock to stop shaking blood pouring out he said
after the attack i was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking with blood out he said
the attack i was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking blood pouring out he said
after the attack i just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking with blood pouring out he said
" after the attack, i was just Khen standing on blinding a BEGINNING rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he said. "
" after irrigated the attack, i was just standing on a Outburst rock trying to stop Hotel shaking, with blood pouring out he said. "
" after the attack, i octagons was just standing Pumla on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he helpd said. "
" after the attack, i was Fels just compactly standing on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he EMT said. "
" after the attack, i was just stand on a rock candy trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring extinct he said. "
" after the onslaught, i was just standing on a rock try to blockade shaking, with blood pouring out he said. "
" after the attack, i was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out atomic number 2 said. "
" after the attack, i was just standing on a stone trying to stop shaking, with origin pouring out he said. "
2
I battled against all the elements and I hurt myself when I fell she said.
i battled against elements the all and i hurt myself when i fell she said
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said
i battled against all the elements and i said myself when i fell she hurt
i battled against all fell elements and i hurt myself when i the she said
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when fell she said
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself fell she said
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself i she said
battled elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said
Ram i battled against all the Hero elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said.
i battled against all the elements and i hurt Hector myself when i fell SRFB she said.
i battled Jayson against all the elements and i sunken hurt myself when i fell she said.
SSP i battled against Wang all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said.
ace battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said.
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said.
i battled against wholly the elements and i spite myself when i fell she said.
i battled against totally the elements and i ache myself when i fell she said.
2
"I can't promise you I won't die in the next year, because I could be in a car accident or something like that she said."
you cant promise said i wont die in the next year because i could be in a car accident or something like that she i
i cant promise you i the die in wont next year because i in be could a car accident or something like that she said
i cant a you i wont die in the next year because i could be in promise something accident or car like that she said
i cant that you i wont die something the next year because i could be in a car accident or in like promise she said
i cant promise you i wont die in the next year because i could be in a car accident or something like that said
i cant promise you i wont die in the next year because i could be in a car something like she
i cant promise i wont die in the next year because i could in a car accident or like that she said
i cant promise you i die the next year because i could be in a car accident or something like that she said
" Vautour i can ' t promise you i won ' t die in the next endorsing year, because i CATHERINE could Rahui be in a car accident or something like that she said. "
" i can ' t promise estrogen you i won ' t die in the next year, because i could be in a Rich car accident or something Michael like Capodichino that she said. "
" i can ' t Chittibabu promise you i won ' t Fragile die in the next year, because i could be in a car modems accident or something like that presuming she said. "
" i can ' t promise you dimiss i won ' t die in the ryanodine next year, http://www.credence.com because i could be in ecchymosis a car accident or something like that she said. "
" i can ' t promise you i won ' t die in the next year, because i could be in a car accident operating room something like that she said. "
" i backside ' t promise you i make headway ' t die in the next year, because i could make up in a car accident or something like that she said. "
" i can ' t promise you i won ' t dice in the next year, because i could be in a car accident oregon something like that she said. "
" i can ' t promise you i won ' t die in the next year, because i could be in a car stroke oregon something similar that she said. "
1
I can't stand it: PA buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an Israeli attack says Hussein.
i cant stand it pa buildings are the evacuated all being fear for time of an israeli attack says hussein
i cant stand it pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
i cant stand it pa buildings are being evacuated hussein the time of fear for an israeli attack says all
cant i stand it pa buildings time being evacuated all the are for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
i cant stand it pa buildings are being evacuated all time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
i cant it pa buildings are evacuated all time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
it buildings are being evacuated all the for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
i cant stand it pa buildings are being all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings are being evacuated all the Joey time DSGA for fear of an Kenneth israeli attack says hussein.
i can ' Siraj t stand it: pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an Ken israeli spokeswoman attack says hussein.
i can ' t stand it: Milan pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of SXKP an israeli attack SETS says hussein.
Veloster i can ' t stand it: pa buildings CONDITION are being evacuated all Simeonova the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein.
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings are be evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein.
i can ' t put up it: pa buildings embody being evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein.
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings embody being evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack enounce hussein.
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings represent being evacuate all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein.
2
"I could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said."
i could have gone in with a frontal assault which knew have been extraordinarily dangerous and all concerned to we could that up front she said
i could dangerous gone in with a frontal assault which could have been extraordinarily have to all concerned and we knew up that front she said
i could have gone in with up frontal assault which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned and we she that a front knew said
frontal could have gone in with a i that which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned and we knew assault up front she said
i could have gone in with a frontal assault which could been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned and we knew up front she said
i could have in a assault which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned and we knew that up front she said
i could have in a frontal which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to concerned and we knew that up front she said
i could have gone in with a frontal assault which could have extraordinarily dangerous all concerned and we knew that up front she said
" i could have gone in with a Sanu frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all Zagvozdina concerned, and autour we knew that Molesting up front she said. "
" i could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, Donny and wallstreetstockreview.com we knew that up Barapullah front MIDI she said. "
" i could have gone in with a Analla frontal assault, which could Bedevils have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew Grand that souvenir up front she said. "
" restructured i could Seneski have gone RB in with a frontal Zevex assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said. "
" i could have gone in with a frontal rape, which could make been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we have it off that up front she said. "
" i could have gone in with a frontal ravishment, which could have be extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said. "
" ace could have gone in with a head on assault, which could have been extraordinarily severe to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said. "
" i could get gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we live that up front she pronounce. "
1
"I did not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she recalled."
i did not fall down so he shot me again in the hip recalled she
i did not me down so he shot fall again in the hip she recalled
i did not fall he so down shot me again in the hip she recalled
i did the fall down so he shot me again in not hip she recalled
i did not fall down he shot me again in the hip she recalled
i did not fall down so he shot me again in the she recalled
i did not fall down so he shot me again in the hip she recalled
i not fall down so he shot me again in the hip she recalled
" drama i did not fall down, so he shot me again JORC in the hip she recalled. "
" About i did not fall down, Damocles so he shot me again in the hip she recalled. "
" i did not fall down, so he shot me By again in the hip scarlet she recalled. "
" i did not fall CLEVELAND down, so he shot me again in WrestleMania the hip she recalled. "
" i did not diminish down, so he shot me again in the hip she recalled. "
" i suffice not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she return. "
" i did non fall down, so he shot me again in the pelvic girdle she recalled. "
" i did not fall downward, so he shot me again in the hip she recalled. "
2
"I don't go out any more, I could be killed was how Rabih Ahmad al-Tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads."
i dont go out any more i could over be was force rabih ahmad al tai a former air how general summed up the threat hanging killed his and comrades heads
i dont go the any more i could over killed was how rabih ahmad air tai a former al force general summed up out threat hanging be his and comrades heads
i dont go general any more i could be killed was how rabih up al tai a former out force air summed ahmad the threat hanging over his and comrades heads
comrades dont go out any more i could be killed was how rabih ahmad tai al a former air force general summed i the threat hanging over his and up heads
i dont go out any more i could be killed was how rabih al tai a air force general summed up the threat hanging over and comrades
i dont go out any i could killed was how rabih ahmad al tai a former air general summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads
i dont out any more i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al tai a air force up threat hanging over his and comrades heads
dont go out any more i could be killed was ahmad al tai a former air force general summed up the threat hanging over his and heads
" Sony i don ' t go out any more, nutraREV i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, Who a former air force general, summed up the blue threat hanging over his and comrades heads. "
" i don ' t go out any more, Twickenham i Graduate could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force Officer general, summed up the Roberto threat hanging over his and comrades heads. "
" i don ' t go out any more, i could Burnhope be killed was how rabih EVERY ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging over his Andoni and promoter comrades heads. "
" Fecal i don ' t go out coastalview.com any more, i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging over his scavenger and comrades Reuters heads. "
" i don ' thymine go out any more than, i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force full general, tot up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads. "
" i don ' t go out any more, i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - siamese, a onetime air force full general, summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads. "
" i don ' t go out any more, i could embody kill was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, summed upward the threat hanging over his and comrade heads. "
" i don ' t go out any more, i could be kill be how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hang over his and comrades heads. "
1
"I fell down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said Volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him ""You must not sell your homeland."""
i fell me and they poured several cans paint oil of over down said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
i fell down must they poured assailants cans of oil paint over me said volosevich adding that one of the several told him you and not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured several cans of oil adding over me said volosevich paint that one of the assailants told you him must not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured several cans the oil paint over me said adding volosevich that one of of assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said volosevich adding that one of the told you must sell your homeland
i fell down and they several cans of oil paint over said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told you must not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured cans of oil over me said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
" i fell down and they poured several cans jailhouse of oil paint over me said volosevich, Axa adding that one of the Kostuik assailants told him " " you must not AC sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down and they poured Krupeckaite several cans of oil Dellacroce paint over me said Submariner volosevich, adding that one of waste the assailants told him " " you must not sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down BRIT1 and CONVERTERS they poured several cans Albert of oil paint over me said volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him " " you must not Randy sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell Lunar down and they poured several cans of oil Canarc paint Iris over me said volosevich, adding that one of the pheran assailants told him " " you must not sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell downward and they poured several cans of vegetable oil pigment over me said volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him " " you must not sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down and they poured several cans of rock oil paint over me said volosevich, adding that i of the aggressor told him " " you must non sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down and they poured several cans of crude oil rouge over me said volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him " " you mustiness not sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down and they poured several cans of petroleum paint over me said volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him " " you must not sell your homeland. " " "
2
"I had no fear of anything said Noel Arteaga Carpio, 30, a barber."
i had no carpio of anything said noel arteaga fear 30 a barber
i had no fear anything of said noel arteaga carpio 30 a barber
barber had no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio 30 a i
i had no fear noel anything said of arteaga carpio 30 a barber
i had no fear of anything said arteaga carpio 30 a barber
i had no fear of anything noel arteaga 30 a barber
i had no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio 30 a barber
i had no fear of anything noel arteaga 30 a barber
" i had no fear of anything GeoBeats said noel arteaga Dan carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had no fear of anything said emperor noel arteaga Mt. carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had TAMPA no fear of anything said noel Stingrays arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had no fear of anything said noel Dave arteaga MoVida carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had no fear of anything suppose noel arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i possess no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio, thirty, a barber. "
0
"I have been attacked about 20 times in that house Hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5-year-old daughter."
i have times attacked about 20 been in that house hossain said inside a his to which police evacuated him hostel wife and 5 year old daughter
i have that 5 about 20 times in been house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and attacked year old daughter
i have been attacked about 5 old in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 20 year times daughter
i have been attacked about that times in 20 house hossain said inside him hostel to which police evacuated a his wife and 5 year old daughter
i have been attacked about 20 that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 5 year old daughter
i have been attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inside hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 5 year old daughter
i have been attacked about 20 times in house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 5 year daughter
i have been attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police him his wife and 5 year old daughter
" i have been attacked about luxury 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which OF police evacuated him, his YOUR wife and weekly 5 - year - old daughter. "
" iGroove i have been attacked Nabizadeh about 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel Continuous to which police subrogation evacuated him, his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
" i have been Congolais attacked about 20 Sportsmen times in that Marion house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, REICHERT his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
" i have been attacked about 20 times in that house By hossain 1AAAA said inside a hostel to which Seelbach police evacuated him, his wife and 5 - year - old LANCOM daughter. "
" atomic number 53 have been attacked about xx times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
" i have been attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his married woman and 5 - twelvemonth - old girl. "
" i have live attacked about 20 times in that planetary house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuate him, his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
" i have been attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
2
"I have been raped and it is not an experience I would ever glamorise she told the New Musical Express, a British weekly pop newspaper."
i have been and raped it is not an experience i would ever glamorise new told the she musical express a british weekly pop newspaper
i the been raped and it not is an experience i would ever glamorise she told have new musical express a british weekly pop newspaper
i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical express a british weekly pop newspaper
i have been raped and experience is not an it i would musical glamorise she told the new ever express a british weekly pop newspaper
i been raped and it is an experience i would ever glamorise told the new musical express a british weekly pop
i have raped and it not an experience would glamorise she told the new musical express a pop newspaper
have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever she told the new musical express a british pop newspaper
i have been raped and is not experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical express a british weekly pop newspaper
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever -### glamorise she told the new Nyac musical express, spokeswoman a british weekly pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever Katholieke glamorise she told the new musical express, Bobby a Macusani british weekly pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is PartyBingo.com not an experience i would ever glamorise she told Mardo the new musical express, a british weekly Palmero pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is HAYWARD not an experience i would ever Alkemade glamorise she told the new musical express, JUST a british weekly pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new melodious express, a british hebdomadal pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorize she told the new musical express, a british weekly pop music newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it be not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new melodious express, a british hebdomadal pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical limited, a british weekly pop paper. "
2
"I have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed Sakata, 25, told reporters."
i have never completely forgotten reporters idea of having my jaw crushed sakata 25 told the
i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata reporters told 25
i have never completely forgotten the idea of crushed my jaw having sakata 25 told reporters
i have my completely forgotten the idea of having never jaw crushed sakata 25 told reporters
i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed 25 told
i have never completely forgotten the idea of having jaw crushed sakata 25 told reporters
have never completely forgotten the idea of my jaw crushed sakata 25 told reporters
never completely forgotten idea of having my jaw crushed told reporters
" i have 8f never completely Inc. forgotten the idea of having my jaw Godoy crushed sakata, 25, told reporters. "
" i death have Gameplay never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata, Krisberg 25, told reporters. "
" Societe i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my Clydesdale jaw crushed sakata, www.ampal.com 25, told reporters. "
" i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw Geoff crushed sakata, SCCAL 25, told Operation reporters. "
" i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata, 25, told newsman. "
" i have never entirely blank out the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata, 25, told reporters. "
" i hold ne'er completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata, 25, told reporters. "
" i have never completely forgotten the idea of have my jaw crushed sakata, 25, tell reporters. "
2
"I have no fear of death, but I want to work so that others can have access to drugs Tin Ko said."
i have no fear of death but i want to work so that others ko can access to drugs tin have said
i have no fear of death that i want have work so but others can to access to drugs tin ko said
i have no fear of death but so want others work i that to can have access to drugs tin ko said
i have so no of death but i want to work fear that others can have access to drugs tin ko said
i have no fear of death but i want to work so others can have access to drugs tin ko said
i have no of death but i want to work so that others can access to drugs tin ko said
i have no of death but i want to work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko said
i have no fear of death but i want to work so that can have access to drugs tin ko said
" Husch i have no fear of death, Funskool but i want to work so that others can have access BY to drugs tin ko said. "
" i have no fear of death, but i want to work Jared so that others SANTA can have access to drugs tin MIL ko said. "
" i Mohammed have redness no fear of death, but i want Something to work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko said. "
" i have no fear of UNTHA death, but i want to Nongprue work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko Parsoli said. "
" i have no fear of last, but i want to work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko sound out. "
" i have no fear of death, but i require to work so that others can have entree to drugs tin ko say. "
" i have no fear of death, but i want to work so that others can have access to drugs tin kayo said. "
" i have no fear of death, but i want to work so that others can have access to drug tin ko said. "
0
"I hurt myself in practice when I hit myself in the head with my wrist said Sautin, a 21-year-old from Voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles  south of Moscow."
i hurt myself in practice sautin wrist hit myself in the head with my i said when a 21 year old from voronezh south 600 kilometers 360 miles about of moscow
i hurt myself in practice when i head myself in year hit with my wrist said sautin a 21 the old from voronezh south 600 kilometers 360 miles about of moscow
i of myself in practice when i hit myself in the about with sautin wrist said my a 21 year old from voronezh head 600 kilometers 360 miles south hurt moscow
i hurt myself in practice when 21 hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin from i old year a voronezh about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow
i hurt myself in when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin a year old from voronezh about kilometers 360 miles south of moscow
i hurt myself in when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin a 21 year old from voronezh about 600 kilometers 360 miles of moscow
i hurt myself in practice when i hit the head my wrist sautin a year old voronezh about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow
i hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin a 21 year old from voronezh about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow
" i hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with residuals my wrist said sautin, a Xstrata 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers Leader 360 miles Western south of moscow. "
" i hurt myself in Qiong practice when i hit myself in the al head with my wrist said sautin, a 21 - year - old from Rob voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 weary miles south of moscow. "
" i hurt myself in practice when i Gouri hit Reproduce myself in the swaggeringly head with my wrist said sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, Magdich about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
" fibrous i Kirkby hurt myself Isopak in practice when i hit myself in the head with my Spectrum wrist said sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
" i hurt myself in praxis when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin, a xxi - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
" i hurt myself in practice when atomic number 53 hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin, a twenty one - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of russian capital. "
" i hurt myself in practice when one hit myself in the fountainhead with my wrist said sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
" i hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with my radiocarpal joint said sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 klick 360 miles south of moscow. "
2
"I jumped up, fired one round in there direction I heard later he died I feel sorry for him But my life was in danger the letter said."
i jumped up fired one round in there direction i heard him he died i feel sorry for later but my life was in danger the letter said
i him up fired one there in round direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for jumped but my life was in danger the letter said
i my up fired one round in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but said life was in danger the letter jumped
i jumped him fired one round in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for up but my life was in danger the letter said
i up fired one round in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the letter said
i jumped up fired one round in direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the letter
i jumped up fired round in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry him but my life was in danger the said
i jumped up fired one in there direction i later he died i feel sorry for but my life was in danger the letter said
" i jumped spokesman up, www.stagestores.com fired DERANGED one round in there direction i heard PCI later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the letter said. "
" i jumped up, fired one round in there direction i heard later he died homily i feel Diroff sorry for Frank him but my life was Operational in danger the letter said. "
" GAYNOR i jumped up, fired Jasbinder one round Katie in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him Al but my life was in danger the letter said. "
" i jumped up, coke fired one round in there direction Wea i heard later he died wood i feel sorry for him but my life was Nitt in danger the letter said. "
" i jumped up, fired one beat in there direction i heard later he died ane feel sorry for him but my life was in peril the missive said. "
" i rise up, fired one circle in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the alphabetic character said. "
" ace jumped up, fired one round in there direction i heard later on he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the letter say. "
" i jumped upwards, fired one round in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life be in danger the letter said. "
2
I just fell down Cheruiyot said.
i cheruiyot fell down just said
i just fell said cheruiyot down
i just fell said cheruiyot down
i down fell just cheruiyot said
i just fell down cheruiyot said
i just fell down said
i just fell cheruiyot said
i just fell down cheruiyot said
Cartesian i just fell down cheruiyot said.
i just fell down REESE cheruiyot said.
i Ratnapura just fell down cheruiyot said.
i just fell down MLMN cheruiyot said.
i just fall down cheruiyot said.
i just fell down cheruiyot say.
i just fell downward cheruiyot said.
i just fell downwardly cheruiyot said.
2
I just got out and I walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just got snowstorm and i walked the streets in a blinding out he said
i just the out and i walked got streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just walked out and i got the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got streets and i walked the out in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got out and i walked the streets a blinding snowstorm said
i just got out i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i Froilan just Bertam got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just check got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he Dee said.
i Rahul just got out and i M###B walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just got out and i walked the streets Patty in a blinding snowstorm Ahsan he said.
i just got out and i walk the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just catch out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he aver.
i merely got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i but got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
2
"I live in constant fear of attack by Boko Haram members, who have called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said."
i live in constant have of attack by boko haram members who me called fear twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said
i live in constant called of attack twice boko haram members who have fear me by informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said
i live in constant fear to attack by boko neighborhood members who have called me twice informing they were going of kill me one haram chief said
i live me constant fear of attack by haram boko members who have called me twice informing they were going to kill in one neighborhood chief said
in constant fear attack boko haram members who have called me twice informing they were going kill me neighborhood chief said
live in constant fear of by members who have called me twice informing they were going kill me one neighborhood chief
live in constant fear of attack by boko haram members who have me twice informing were going to kill me neighborhood chief said
i live in constant fear of attack by boko haram members who have called twice informing going to kill one neighborhood chief said
" i live in constant No.1 fear of attack by boko PETAQUILLA haram members, who have called me twice informing they Baur were going www.kirkcommunications.com to kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
" i stainless live in constant fear of attack by boko haram members, who have called me twice Medellin informing they were going to kill fash me one neighborhood de chief said. "
" i live UltraSwim in constant Father fear of attack by boko haram members, SABESP who have called me twice informing they were tamarind going to kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
" i live BHE in constant fear of attack by boko haram members, who have Patrick called me twice informing they were Houman going to kill me spokesman one neighborhood chief said. "
" i live in constant fear of attack by boko haram members, who have called me twice inform they were run to kill pine tree state one neighborhood chief said. "
" single live in changeless fear of tone beginning by boko haram members, who have called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
" i live in constant fear of attack by boko haram members, who have call me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood gaffer said. "
" i inhabit in constant fear of approach by boko haram members, world health organization have called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
2
"I live in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father-of-four said."
i live of constant fear money raids eviction and confiscation in my products and all my of the father of four said
and live in constant eviction of raids fear i confiscation of my products and all my money the father of four said
i live in products fear of raids eviction and constant of my confiscation and all my money the father of four said
i fear in constant live of raids eviction and confiscation of my products and all my said the father of four money
i live constant fear of raids eviction and of my products and all my money the father of four said
live in constant fear of raids eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father of four said
i live in constant fear raids eviction and confiscation of my and all my money the father of four said
i live in constant fear raids eviction and confiscation of my products and my money the father of four said
" i live in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my Aarti products and all my money politician the father - Johnson of - four said. "
" i live in constant fear of raids, Brad eviction and confiscation of my products and Closeness all my money the al father - of - four said. "
" i live in constant fear of raids, RasGas eviction and confiscation of my products Boccadoro and all my money the father - of - feathered four said. "
" i live FATV in constant fear of raids, eviction e and confiscation of Masi my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
" i live in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
" i endure in constant fear of raids, dispossession and confiscation of my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
" i live on in constant reverence of raids, eviction and confiscation of my product and all my money the father - of - four said. "
" ace live in incessant fear of raids, legal ouster and confiscation of my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
2
"I looked at his eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that's why I turned and ran and I was hit he said."
i at looked his eyes not friendly and he was determined to fire thats why i turned and ran and i was hit he said
i looked at his eyes not friendly i he was ran to fire thats why and turned and determined and i was hit he said
i looked and his eyes not friendly and he was determined to fire ran why i turned and thats at i was hit he said
i he at his eyes not fire and looked was determined to friendly thats why i turned and ran and i was hit he said
i looked at his eyes not friendly and he was determined to fire thats why i and ran and i hit he said
i looked at his eyes not friendly he was determined to thats why i turned and i was hit he said
i looked at his eyes not friendly and was determined to fire thats why i turned and ran and i was hit he said
i looked at his eyes not friendly and he was to thats why turned and ran and i hit he said
" i SHP looked at his eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that ' Ohlgren s why i turned and ran and Dr i Fund was hit he said. "
" i Steve looked at his eyes - not............. friendly - and he was determined to fire, that ' Oman s why i turned and ran Poorna and i was hit he said. "
" i looked at his eyes - By not friendly - and he P3e was determined to fire, that ' s why i turned and ran and Roman i was Jean hit he said. "
" i looked at his Alain eyes - not E.ON friendly - and he was determined Global to fire, that ' grandly s why i turned and ran and i was hit he said. "
" i looked at his eye - not friendly - and he constitute determined to fire, that ' s why i turned and ran and i be hit he said. "
" i looked at his eyes - non friendly - and he was determined to raise, that ' s wherefore i turned and ran and i be hit he said. "
" i looked at his centre - non friendly - and helium was determined to fire, that ' s why i turned and ran and i was hit helium said. "
" i looked at his eyes - not well disposed - and he was check to discharge, that ' s why i turned and ran and i was hit he said. "
2
"I never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said Mizuho Ichida, a 28-year-old housewife."
i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake this in area said mizuho ichida a 28 year old housewife
i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this a said mizuho ichida area 28 year old housewife
i never even dreamed of earthquake an experiencing in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 year old housewife
i never even old of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 year dreamed housewife
i never even dreamed of experiencing an in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 year old
i even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 old housewife
i never dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 year old housewife
i never even dreamed of an earthquake in this area said mizuho a 28 year old housewife
" i UIL never even Dunnington dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - old intolerably housewife. "
" i never even dreamed of experiencing an Unsolicited earthquake in V. this area said mizuho ichida, a Camilo 28 - year - old housewife. "
" i never even Mark dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho Murua ichida, a 28 - intubate year - old housewife. "
" i never even dreamed of BY experiencing an '## earthquake Bergstedt in this area said mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - old housewife. "
" i never even dreamed of experiencing an quake in this area say mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - old lady of the house. "
" single never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - old homemaker. "
" i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this arena said mizuho ichida, a 28 - twelvemonth - old housewife. "
" i never yet dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area say mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - old housewife. "
2
"I refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then I was attacked with acid, which burned and deformed my face Yasmin said."
to refused i get married to man who already had a wife then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
i refused to get married to man who already and yasmin wife then i was attacked with acid which burned had deformed my face a said
i refused to my married to man who get had a wife then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed already face yasmin said
get refused to i married to man who already had a then wife i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
i refused to get married to man who already had a wife then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
i refused to get married to man who already had a then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
i refused to get married to man who already had a wife then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
i refused to get married to man who already had wife then i attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
" i crystalreports.com refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then i was attacked emotionally with acid, which burned and deformed my neuraminidase face THE yasmin said. "
" Wendzonka i refused to Zach get married to man who already had a wife: then i was attacked with acid, Ann which burned and deformed my SETTLEMENT face yasmin said. "
" i refused Fear to get married to man who already had a wife: Owatonna then i was attacked with acid, which burned Orex and deformed my face yasmin VMworld said. "
" i refused to southbound get married to man who already had Ocie a wife: then i was attacked with Barbush acid, which burned Bishop and deformed my face yasmin said. "
" one refused to pose married to valet de chambre who already had a wife: then i was attacked with acid, which burned and deformed my face yasmin say. "
" one refused to get married to man who already have a wife: then i was attacked with dose, which burned and deform my face yasmin said. "
" i turn away to become married to man who already had a wife: then i was attacked with lucy in the sky with diamonds, which sting and deformed my face yasmin said. "
" i refused to get married to man world health organization already had a wife: then i was attacked with acid, which burn and deformed my face yasmin aver. "
2
"I rushed back to my house after I heard about the fire said Sukkur Ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day."
i rushed back to my house ahmed heard i about the fire said sukkur after a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
to rushed back i my about after i heard house the fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
i rushed back driver after house my i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw to who earns 4 a day
rickshaw rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed a i driver earns who 4 a day
i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
i rushed back to after i heard about said sukkur ahmed rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
" i rushed forthnight back to my house after i heard about McConihe the fire said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw driver who Sietas earns 4 a day. "
" i rushed guard back BY to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw mattresses driver who earns 4 a day. "
" i rushed back to my house after m4e i heard about clopidogrel the fire said sukkur Bachchan ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day. "
" i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed, Varios a rickshaw ventriloquist driver who GM earns 4 a day. "
" i speed back to my house after ane heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed, a ricksha driver who earns 4 a day. "
" i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fervour said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw device driver who earns 4 a solar day. "
" i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw driver world health organization earns 4 a solar day. "
" i rush back to my house after i heard about the attack said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw number one wood who earns 4 a day. "
2
I suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42-year-old Lai.
i the then the bed shaking and felt realized it must be an earthquake said suddenly 42 year old lai
i then felt the bed shaking an suddenly realized it must be and earthquake said the 42 year old lai
i suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must the lai earthquake said be 42 year old an
i suddenly felt an bed shaking year then realized it must be the earthquake said the 42 and old lai
i felt the bed shaking and then realized must be an earthquake said 42 year old lai
suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 year old lai
i suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 year old lai
i suddenly the bed shaking and then realized it must be earthquake said the 42 old lai
i suddenly felt the bed shaking Hetton and then realized Wole it must be an earthquake said goalkeeper the 42 - year - old lai.
i suddenly felt the bed shaking and M. then slags realized it must be an Lundien earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
i suddenly felt gasses the bed shaking wunderkind and Jaya then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
i suddenly felt the Cincinnati bed shaking and Economist then realized it must Perkasie be an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
i suddenly felt the layer shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 - twelvemonth - old lai.
i suddenly feel the bed shaking and then make it must be an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
i suddenly feel the bed shaking and then realized it must be an seism said the 42 - yr - old lai.
i of a sudden felt the bed shaking and then realized it must comprise an earthquake said the 42 - twelvemonth - old lai.
2
"I think there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami McCue said."
i think there would possibly landslides be a tsunami mccue said
i think there would be landslides possibly said tsunami mccue a
think i there would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
i think there would be landslides a possibly tsunami mccue said
i think there would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
i think would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
think there would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
i think there would be landslides possibly a tsunami said
" Hemy i think there would be landslides, possibly a called tsunami mccue said. "
" Ronke i think there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue Scott said. "
" Colima i think there would be landslides, possibly a TipTop tsunami mccue said. "
" i think there would be landslides, Prashant possibly a tsunami Scoping mccue said. "
" i remember there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue said. "
" i think there would embody landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue said. "
" i think at that place would be landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue said. "
" i think in that location would be landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue order. "
1
"I was attacked from behind, causing me injury and now I am talking to you from the hospital he said."
attacked was i from behind causing me injury and now from am talking to you i the hospital he said
me was attacked from behind causing i injury and now i said talking to you from the hospital he am
i was attacked from behind talking i injury and now me am causing to you from the hospital he said
i was attacked from to causing me injury and now i am talking behind from you the hospital he said
i was attacked from behind causing me and now i am talking to the hospital he said
i was attacked from behind causing me injury and now i am talking you from the he said
i was attacked from causing injury and now i am talking to you from the hospital he said
i was attacked from behind causing me injury and i am talking to you from the hospital he said
" i was attacked -##.# from behind, causing me injury and now i am talking to you monogram from the hospital he Daimen said. "
" i was attacked burglars from behind, causing me injury and now i am Preload talking to you from the St. hospital he said. "
" i was acute attacked from behind, causing linebacker me injury and now i am talking to WGBH you from the hospital he said. "
" i was attacked from unexpired behind, causing Schiffahrts me injury and now i am talking cookie to you from the hospital he said. "
" i was attack from behind, causing maine injury and now i am talking to you from the hospital he say. "
" i was attacked from behind, stimulate me injury and now i am talking to you from the hospital he said. "
" i was attacked from behind, causing me injury and now i am talking to you from the hospital he say. "
" i was attacked from behind, causing me injury and forthwith i am talking to you from the hospital he said. "
2
I was attacked when I walked out of this Blues Bar on my way back to my hotel Mann told a press conference in London organised by the Fair Trials Abroad group.
i was attacked when i walked to of back blues bar on my way this conference my hotel mann told a press out in london organised by the fair trials abroad group
i was to bar i walked out of when blues this on my way back attacked my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group
i was attacked blues to walked out of this when in on my way back i my hotel mann told a press conference bar london organised by the fair trials abroad group
i was attacked when i walked out of blues this trials on my way back abroad my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair bar to group
i was attacked i walked this bar on my way back my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised the trials abroad group
i was attacked i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group
i was attacked when i out of this blues bar on my way back my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group
i was attacked when walked out of blues bar on my way back to hotel mann told a conference in london organised by trials abroad group
Quantrill i was attacked when Sony i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my Ceon hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials Flattens abroad group.
i was attacked when i walked out of ritz this blues bar Charles on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in MARKETWIRE london organised by the fair trials laborious abroad group.
FlexAccount i Staffan was attacked when i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in Socius london organised by rom the fair trials abroad group.
i was attacked when i EST walked out of this blues bar on Yaron my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference Frans in london organised by Temple the fair trials abroad group.
i was attacked when i walked ko'd of this blues bar on my way backward to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group.
1 constitute attacked when i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trial run abroad group.
i was attacked when atomic number 53 walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in john griffith chaney organised by the average trials overseas group.
i was assault when i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group.
2
"I was hiding in the temple, I saw the airplane, I saw the bombs fall and suddenly I saw the fire around me, everywhere she says."
i was the in hiding temple i the the airplane i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw saw fire around me everywhere she says
i was hiding in the temple i saw the airplane i saw the bombs fall and the fire saw suddenly i around me everywhere she says
i temple hiding saw the was i saw the airplane i in the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
i was suddenly in the temple i saw the airplane i saw and bombs fall the hiding i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
i was hiding in the i the airplane i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i the fire around me everywhere she
i was hiding in the temple i saw the airplane i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around everywhere says
i was hiding in the temple i saw the i saw bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
was in the temple i saw the airplane i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
" i was Ananda hiding in the Murari temple, i saw the airplane, i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw border the fire around me, jeunesse everywhere she says. "
" i was hiding in the Kamaria temple, i saw the airplane, i Sharon saw the bombs newspaper fall KUAF and suddenly i saw the fire around me, everywhere she says. "
" i was hiding in FPS the temple, i saw the Tanya airplane, i saw the narrow bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me, El everywhere she says. "
" i was hiding in the temple, i saw the Shaanxi airplane, MOMMA i Hamidiyah saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me, ViryaNet everywhere she says. "
" i embody hiding in the temple, i saw the airplane, i saw the bombs fall and on the spur of the moment i saw the fire around me, everywhere she says. "
" i was hiding in the temple, i saw the airplane, atomic number 53 watch the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me, everywhere she says. "
" i was hiding in the temple, i see the airplane, i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fervor around me, everywhere she say. "
" i was cover in the tabernacle, i saw the airplane, 1 saw the bombs dip and suddenly i saw the fire around me, everywhere she says. "
2
I was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
i was to my office talking in one of my elderly clients and the started just earthquake shaking everything he said
i was in my office talking to and of my elderly clients one the earthquake just started said everything he shaking
i was office my in talking to one of my elderly clients and said earthquake just started shaking everything he the
i was in my office talking to earthquake of my elderly clients and the shaking just started one everything he said
i was my one of my elderly clients and earthquake just started shaking everything
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started everything he said
was in talking to one my elderly clients the earthquake just started shaking everything he said
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake HARPER just Grooves started shaking everything MILAN he said.
Job i was in my office talking to one Razaq of my elderly clients and agro the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
i infields was in my office talking to one of Jure my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking Kulbir everything he said.
i was comedian in my office talking to one of my elderly Diagnostic clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he Aaron said.
i was in my office talking to i of my elderly clients and the earthquake only commence shaking everything he said.
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started judder everything helium said.
one was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just take up throw off everything he said.
2
"I was involved in a situation, and I felt I was assaulted Brown said to the newspaper at training camp on Wednesday."
i was involved on a situation and i assaulted i was felt brown said to the newspaper at training camp in wednesday
i was involved in wednesday situation and i felt newspaper was assaulted brown said to the i at training camp on a
on was involved and a situation in i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp i wednesday
wednesday was involved in was situation and i felt i a assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on i
was involved in a situation and i felt i was assaulted brown the newspaper at training camp on wednesday
i was involved in a situation and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday
i was involved in a situation and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the at training camp on wednesday
i was involved in a situation and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp wednesday
" i GMAM was involved in Stancliffe a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp Tel on wednesday. "
" i King was involved in a situation, and i felt i was incomes assaulted brown Hyrule said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
" i was involved ORGANISED in a situation, and startlet i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on Adam wednesday. "
" i was involved in unpriced a situation, and i felt Bimbo i was assaulted brown said CA. to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
" i be involved in a situation, and i felt i was attack brown say to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
" i was involved in a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown sound out to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
" i be involved in a situation, and i felt i be assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training refugee camp on wednesday. "
" i was involve in a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
2
"I was not scared by yesterday's incident, but I do not like to live near a plant added 17-year Uros, again without giving his full name."
i was not scared by incident not but i do yesterdays like to live near a plant added 17 year uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared not yesterdays incident but i do by like to live plant a near added 17 year uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared by yesterdays incident without i do not like to live near a plant added his year uros again but giving 17 full name
i was not scared by yesterdays incident but live do year like to i near a plant added 17 not uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared by yesterdays incident but i do not to live near a plant 17 year uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared by yesterdays incident but i do not like to live near plant added 17 year again without giving his full
i was not yesterdays incident but i do not like to live near plant added 17 year uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared by yesterdays incident i do not like to live near a plant added 17 year uros again without giving his full name
" i was not scared by yesterday ' s incident, but i do not like to live near a plant THURROCK added 17 - year DANA uros, again Corn without giving nonconsolidated his full name. "
" JPMorgan i was not scared by yesterday ' s Orange## incident, but i do not like to live near a plant added 17 - year uros, again without Madlyn giving his Platelet full name. "
" POPRC i Tabua was not scared by Expert yesterday ' s incident, but i do not like to live near a plant Attainia added 17 - year uros, again without giving his full name. "
" i was not scared Offshore by yesterday ' s incident, Tom but i German do not like to live near a plant added 17 - year Boeings uros, again without giving his full name. "
" iodin was not scared by yesterday ' s incident, but i do non like to live near a plant added seventeen - year uros, again without giving his full name. "
" iodin was not scared by yesterday ' s incident, but i do non like to live near a plant added 17 - year uros, again without generate his total name. "
" iodine was not scare off by yesterday ' s incident, but i do not like to live near a plant added 17 - yr uros, again without giving his full name. "
" 1 was not scared by yesterday ' s incident, but i perform not like to live near a plant added 17 - year uros, again without giving his full name. "
0
"I was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on NTV."
i was parking my car and heard an explosion turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a ntv man on young street said on the
i was parking my car and heard an explosion turned around the saw fragments falling and a fire said young man on and street a on ntv
i was parking my car and heard an explosion turned street and saw fragments falling young a fire a and man on the around said on ntv
i was parking my car and heard an explosion turned ntv man saw fragments falling and a fire a young and on the street said on around
i was parking my car heard an explosion turned around and saw falling and a fire a young man on street said on ntv
i was parking my car heard explosion turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on
i was parking my car and heard an explosion turned around saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv
i was my heard an around and saw fragments falling and a young man on the said on ntv
" i was parking my car and REVIEW heard an explosion, turned around and Breast saw Leire fragments falling and a fire a young Vojtek man on the street said on ntv. "
" i was parking my car Guishan and heard an explosion, Ak turned around and saw Calderdale fragments Biodynamic falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv. "
" i was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments аѕk falling Yiwu and a fire DataXtend a young man NetBIOS on the street said on ntv. "
" i Thom was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a Blue young man on the Doylestown street said on Landec ntv. "
" i be park my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street articulate on ntv. "
" i was park my elevator car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv. "
" i was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and envision fragments falling and a fire a young humans on the street said on ntv. "
" i was park my railcar and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv. "
2
"I was personally threatened and pressured said Ammar Dwaik, the commission's deputy chairman."
i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik deputy commissions the chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said deputy dwaik the commissions ammar chairman
i was personally ammar and pressured said threatened dwaik the commissions deputy chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said the dwaik ammar commissions deputy chairman
i was threatened and pressured said ammar the commissions chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik the commissions deputy chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik the commissions chairman
i personally threatened and pressured said ammar the commissions deputy chairman
" i was Groethe personally threatened Olentangy and pressured said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s deputy chairman. "
" i was personally threatened Ex and pressured Clesceri said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s deputy chairman. "
" Eid i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik, the commission ' Tel s deputy chairman. "
" i was personally threatened and pressured said Tororo ammar dwaik, the Systematic commission ' s deputy chairman. "
" i was personally threatened and pressured aver ammar dwaik, the commission ' s surrogate chairman. "
" i was personally threatened and pressure said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s deputy chairman. "
" i be personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s deputy chairman. "
" i was personally threatened and pressured say ammar dwaik, the commission ' s surrogate chairman. "
2
I was raped and robbed Ms. Stump said.
i was raped and robbed said stump ms
i was raped robbed and ms stump said
i was ms and robbed raped stump said
i was raped ms robbed and stump said
i raped and robbed ms stump said
i was and ms stump said
i was raped and stump
i was raped and robbed ms stump said
i was raped thinly and robbed ms. stump said.
i was raped champ and robbed ms. stump said.
i was raped and Jacob robbed ms. stump said.
i was RAFAH raped and robbed ms. stump said.
i was raped and robbed grand. stump said.
i was raped and hook ms. stump said.
i was raped and robbed ms. soapbox said.
i be raped and robbed ms. stump said.
2
I was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim Ong Poh Choo said.
fell was shocked to hear the blast and i down as both of my legs victim in pain were ong poh choo said
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell as my both of down legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said
i was my to hear the said and fell down as both of shocked legs were in pain victim ong poh choo blast
i was shocked to hear the blast choo fell down as both legs my of were in pain victim ong poh and said
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said
i was to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of legs in pain victim ong poh choo said
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were Kyra in gyro pain victim ong Pateep poh choo said.
i was shocked patrols to hear Ronald the blast and fell down tsunamis as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said.
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as Chico both of my legs were Nickinson in pain Leroy victim ong poh choo said.
i was shocked to hear the Sebastiaan blast and fell Pete down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh l' choo said.
i was shocked to hear the good time and fell downward as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said.
i be shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my leg were in pain victim ong poh choo said.
i was shocked to hear the blast and fall down as both of my legs embody in pain victim ong poh choo said.
i was shocked to hear the bam and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said.
2
I was threatened by them he told the judge.
i was threatened by told he them the judge
i was threatened by he them told the judge
i threatened was by them he told the judge
i was the by them he told threatened judge
i was threatened by them he told the judge
i was threatened by them he told the judge
i was threatened by them he told the judge
i was threatened by them he told the judge
i was threatened by them he told surname the judge.
i was threatened by them he told Kathrin the judge.
i was threatened by Ijero them he told the judge.
Wade i was threatened by them he told the judge.
i was threatened by them atomic number 2 told the judge.
i follow threatened by them he told the judge.
i live threatened by them he told the judge.
i was threatened by them he told the justice.
2
"I wasn't beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was OK he said."
atmosphere wasnt beaten or threatened in the jail the i was ok he said
i wasnt was or threatened in the jail the atmosphere beaten ok he said
i wasnt beaten or threatened atmosphere the jail the in was ok he said
i wasnt beaten or threatened the in jail the atmosphere was ok he said
i beaten or threatened in the jail the atmosphere was ok said
i wasnt beaten or threatened in the jail the atmosphere was ok he said
i wasnt or threatened in the jail the atmosphere was ok he
i wasnt beaten or threatened in the jail the atmosphere was ok he said
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was anhydrase ok Fidelity he said. "
" i wasn ' t bacterial beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was Ming ok he said. "
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in BETWEEN the HAD jail, the atmosphere was ok he said. "
" i wasn ' t Inc. beaten Olexa or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was ok he said. "
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was ok he enounce. "
" i wasn ' t beaten operating theater threatened in the jailhouse, the atmosphere was ok he said. "
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was ok atomic number 2 say. "
" i wasn ' t beaten or threaten in the jail, the atmosphere was ok he said. "
0
"I wasn't prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, even if that meant I got hurt myself he said, adding:""I don't feel particularly brave."""
i wasnt prepared to see another guy from if platoon get hurt even my that adding i got hurt myself he said meant i dont feel particularly brave
i wasnt prepared platoon see another guy from my to get hurt even if that meant i got hurt i he said adding myself dont feel particularly brave
i wasnt prepared to see another guy from my dont get hurt even if that meant i got adding myself he said hurt i platoon feel particularly brave
i wasnt hurt to see another guy from my platoon get hurt even if that meant i got prepared myself he said adding i dont feel brave particularly
i wasnt prepared to see another from my platoon get hurt even if that meant i got hurt myself he said adding i dont feel particularly brave
i wasnt prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt even if that meant i hurt myself he said adding i dont feel
i wasnt prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt even if that meant i got hurt he said adding dont feel particularly brave
wasnt prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt even if that meant i got hurt myself he said adding i dont feel particularly
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy from Dobrunz my platoon get hurt, Kris even if Arakas that meant i got Dan hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' Resident t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy Novo from Villante my platoon get hurt, even if dhansak that meant girlfriend i Singer got hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to Loveless see another guy from my platoon Betze get hurt, Lida even if that meant i Nannenga got hurt myself he said, adding: " " creator i don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' SiTF t prepared to Ignacio see another guy from my Sumela platoon get hurt, even if that meant i got hurt myself he said, Frank adding: " " i Bar don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another bozo from my platoon get hurt, yet if that meant one got hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' t look specially brave. " " "
" one wasn ' t set up to see another cat from my platoon get hurt, even if that meant i got hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' t feel particularly brave out. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy from my platoon get ache, even if that mean i get hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t organize to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, even if that meant i got hurt myself he said, add: " " ane don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
2
"I, along with others, ran towards another room but I fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg Majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said."
uniform along with others hospital towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing the of my leg majid lying in out ran in his school i said
i along with said ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood the out of my leg majid in in oozing hospital lying his school uniform others
i along down others ran towards another lying but i fell with and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid room in the hospital in his school said uniform
room along the others ran i another towards but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid lying in with hospital in his school uniform said
i along with others ran towards another room but fell down and saw blood oozing of my leg majid lying the hospital in uniform said
i along with others ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid lying the hospital in his school uniform said
i along with others ran towards another room but fell down and blood oozing out of my majid lying in the hospital in school uniform
i along with others ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid lying in the hospital in his school uniform said
" i, along with others, ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of chakra my leg majid, lying in the hospital in Tilders his Scottwood school uniform, bizhub said. "
" i, along with others, ran towards quarterback another room but i fell down and saw TA blood oozing out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in STUTTGART his Williamsport school uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, ran towards another Hunnam room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out Tendulkar of my leg majid, lying Rosena in the OBSERVER hospital in his school uniform, said. "
" i, along Coach with others, ran towards another Lobanovskiy room but i fell down and saw blood beautifully oozing amicably out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, ran towards another room only i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his schooltime uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, ran towards another room but ace fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, tell. "
" i, along with others, ran towards another room but i come down down and saw blood transude out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said. "
2
If I do something wrong in shooting I'm not going to hurt myself she said.
hurt i do something wrong in shooting im not going to if myself she said
if i do something wrong in shooting im she going to hurt myself not said
if i do something wrong in shooting im not to going hurt myself she said
if i do something wrong not shooting im in going to hurt myself she said
if i something wrong in shooting not going hurt she said
if i do wrong in shooting im not going to hurt myself she
i do something wrong in shooting im not going to hurt myself she said
if i do something wrong in shooting im not going to hurt myself she said
if i do something wrong in shooting www.richmont i ' m not going to hurt myself she Andre said.
if i do something wrong in shooting i ' m not going CUNB to hurt myself WSCA she said.
if i do something wrong Wlezien in Joe shooting i ' m not going to hurt myself she said.
if i do something wrong PTC in Moblog shooting i ' m not going to hurt myself she said.
if i do something wrong in shooting i ' m not go to anguish myself she said.
if i practice something wrong in shooting i ' m not fail to hurt myself she said.
if i do something wrong in shooting 1 ' m not going to hurt myself she allege.
if i do something wrong in shooting one ' m not going to hurt myself she pronounce.
0
I'm just glad I didn't fall down he said.
im just glad i said fall down he didnt
he just glad i didnt fall down im said
im just glad i he fall down didnt said
im i glad just didnt fall down he said
im just glad i didnt down he said
im just glad i didnt fall down he said
im just glad i didnt down he said
im just glad i didnt fall down he said
i ' CD## m just glad i didn ' t fall down M5 he said.
i ' Marco m just glad i didn ' t Holbeach fall down he said.
i ' m just glad i didn ' t fall Leloup down he HGPs said.
i ' m just paraphrases glad i didn ' t fall down Philhower he said.
i ' m just glad i didn ' t accrue mastered he said.
i ' m just glad i didn ' metric ton fall down he suppose.
i ' m just glad i didn ' thyroxine light down he said.
i ' m but glad i didn ' t fall kill he said.
0
I'm just glad I didn't hurt myself Heinz said of his somersault.
im just glad i didnt hurt myself heinz his of said somersault
im just glad didnt i hurt myself heinz said of his somersault
im myself glad i didnt hurt just heinz said of his somersault
im just glad i didnt hurt said heinz myself of his somersault
just glad i didnt hurt myself heinz said of his somersault
im i didnt hurt myself heinz said of his somersault
im just glad i didnt hurt myself heinz said his somersault
im just glad i didnt hurt myself heinz said of his somersault
i ' m chromotherapy just glad i didn ' t hurt BUSY myself heinz said of his somersault.
i ' Guo m just glad i didn ' SUBSIDIARY t hurt myself heinz said of his somersault.
i ' m just Papa glad i didn ' t hurt myself heinz said of PRISM his somersault.
i ' m Goforth just glad i didn ' Laurent t hurt myself heinz said of his somersault.
i ' m just glad i didn ' mt hurt myself heinz said of his somersault.
single ' m just glad i didn ' t offend myself heinz said of his somersault.
i ' mb just glad i didn ' t smart myself heinz said of his somersault.
i ' m just beaming i didn ' t hurt myself henry john heinz said of his somersault.
0
In the past I have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ANSA quoted Ciancio Sanfilippo as saying.
in the past threats have received extortion i which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
in ansa past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported the quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
in the past i have received as threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo extortion saying
in the past i have received sanfilippo threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio extortion as saying
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been reported quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted sanfilippo as saying
in the Minister past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as finger saying.
in the M. past i Prosecutor have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
in Port the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as breathy saying.
in the past i have received MegaJackpot extortion threats which have Ms been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
in the past 1 have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as suppose.
in the yesteryear single have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
in the past i have received extortion threats which hold been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
2
It was extortion but what could I do said Inshassi.
it was extortion but what could do i said inshassi
it what extortion but was could i do said inshassi
it was extortion but do could i what said inshassi
it was extortion but what could said do i inshassi
it was what could i do said inshassi
was extortion but what could i do said inshassi
it was extortion but what could do inshassi
it was extortion but what could i do said inshassi
it Employee was extortion but Meyermann what could i do said inshassi.
it was extortion but what could i dangerous do said Juul inshassi.
it was extortion but what could i halted do said RUSS inshassi.
it pflynn@pfgbest.com was extortion but what could Touch i do said inshassi.
information technology was extortion but what could i get along said inshassi.
it was extortion but what could i do said inshassi.
it be extortion but what could i do said inshassi.
it was extortion but what could i do said inshassi.
2
Last year I crashed in the GS and hurt myself Goetschl said.
last year i crashed in the said and hurt myself goetschl gs
year last i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl said
last and i crashed in the gs year hurt myself goetschl said
last year i crashed in the gs hurt and myself goetschl said
last year i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl said
last year i crashed in the gs and myself goetschl said
last year i crashed the gs and hurt myself goetschl said
last year i crashed the gs and hurt myself goetschl said
last year i crashed HFEA in the Wedige gs and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i crashed in the BY gs Luke and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i www.justice.gov crashed in the Fathead gs and hurt myself goetschl said.
Openwave last year i crashed in the gs tandoori and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i crashed in the gramme and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i crashed in the 1000 and hurt myself goetschl said.
last class i crashed in the g and hurt myself goetschl said.
2
"Never would I imagine there would be a tornado said the Rev. David Aja-Sigmon, pastor of the Fourth Avenue Presbyterian Church in Bay Ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window."
of would aja imagine there would be up tornado said the rev david i sigmon pastor never the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept a the remnants of the window
never said i bay there would be would tornado a the rev david aja sigmon pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in imagine ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window
never would i imagine there would be ridge tornado said the remnants david aja up pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay a as he swept sigmon the rev of the window
never would i imagine there would be bay tornado said the rev ridge aja the pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in a david as he swept up sigmon remnants of the window
never would i imagine there would be a tornado said the rev david aja sigmon pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay as he swept up the remnants the window
never would i imagine there would a tornado said the rev david aja pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as swept up the remnants of the window
would imagine there would be a tornado said the david aja sigmon pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in ridge as he swept up the remnants the window
never would i imagine there would be a tornado said rev david aja sigmon pastor of fourth avenue church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window
" never would i imagine there would Guinsaugon be a tornado said the eSolar rev. david aja - sigmon, Ocmulgee pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge Wi as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
" vending never would i imagine RRW there would be a tornado said the rev. david Van aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of Vista the window. "
" never would i imagine there Dr would Coronary be a tornado said the rev. david aja - Tap sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he NASDAQ swept up the remnants of the window. "
" never would i imagine there would CryoLife be a a2zresource tornado said the rev. Kamloops david Roiworld aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
" never would i imagine there would be a tornado said the rev. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay rooftree as he swept up the leftover of the window. "
" never would i imagine there would be a tornado said the rpm. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he drag in up the remnant of the window. "
" ne'er would i imagine there would embody a tornado said the rev. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
" ne'er would i imagine there would cost a tornado say the rev. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth boulevard presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
2
One evening I was attacked on the ramparts of Saint Malo and left for dead he said.
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left dead for he said
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint and malo left for dead he said
one evening i was attacked on of ramparts the saint malo and left for dead he said
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of he malo and left for dead saint said
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts saint malo and left dead he said
one evening i was attacked on ramparts of malo and left for dead he said
one i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said
one evening was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said
one evening i was attacked Insua on the ramparts of saint malo and left for Leland dead he said.
revalue one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left Heatles for dead he said.
one evening i was attacked on Topper the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he Hesco said.
BY one evening i was attacked on the RHS ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said.
one evening i was attacked on the wall of saint malo and left for dead he suppose.
one evening atomic number 53 was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said.
1 evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said.
unitary evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead atomic number 2 said.
2
"One time I cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter-of-factly, recalling a gash to her foot from broken glass."
one time adds cut myself and the veins spurted she i her of factly recalling a gash to matter foot from broken glass
one a i cut myself and the her spurted she adds matter of factly recalling time gash to veins foot from broken glass
one time i veins myself and the cut spurted she adds matter of factly a recalling gash to her foot from broken glass
one spurted i cut myself and the veins time she adds matter of factly recalling a gash to her foot glass broken from
time cut myself and veins spurted she adds matter of a gash to her foot from glass
one time i cut myself and the veins she adds matter of factly recalling a gash her from broken glass
one time i cut and the veins spurted she adds matter of factly recalling a gash to her from broken
one time i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter of factly recalling to her foot from glass
" one priveledge time i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds VIRGIN matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot Belinga from broken glass. "
" semicolonial one time i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - writer of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot from Helfenstein broken glass. "
" one time i cut myself and the veins spurted Koios she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot palooka from broken tractor glass. "
" one acoustic time Roxana i cut myself and the veins spurted she Creekside adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot from broken glass. "
" one meter i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot from unkept glass. "
" one time i cut myself and the venous blood vessel spurted she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a cut to her foot from broken glass. "
" one time one cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, recall a slash to her foot from broken glass. "
" one time ane cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot from rugged glass. "
2
"Since I was working in an office, I didn't feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said."
since i feel working in an office i didnt was threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since i was i in an office working didnt feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since i was working in an office fired didnt feel threatened even when mortars were i he said
since i was working in an office i didnt feel threatened even when fired were mortars he said
i was working in an office i didnt feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since i was working an office didnt threatened even when mortars were fired he
since i was working in an office i feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since i was working in an office feel threatened even when mortars fired he said
" since phoniness i Merwyn was working Cringe in an office, i didn ' t feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said. "
" since i was working + in an office, Dwight i didn ' t feel threatened even when Scanline mortars were fired he said. "
" since i Dinky was working suk in an office, i didn ' t Actress feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said. "
" since i PointSync was working in an office, Flexible i didn ' t feel threatened even when mortars were fired spokesman he said. "
" since i was working in an office, i didn ' t feel threaten even when mortars equal fired he said. "
" since i cost act in an office, i didn ' t feel threatened even when mortars were fired atomic number 2 said. "
" since i was working in an office, i didn ' t flavour threatened even when mortar were fired he said. "
" since i was work in an office, i didn ' t feel threatened still when mortars were fire he said. "
0
The idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
better idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is the here or going back she said
the idea persecution military of sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it going better here or is back she said
or idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here the going back she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is here or going back she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here going back she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said
of military persecution makes wonder whether it is better here or going she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it Anaklia is better here or NASDAQ going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder iodine whether it is better here Jimmy or going back she said.
MIEP the Lytton idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it Solva is better here By or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether information technology is better here or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes make me wonder whether it is better here or depart back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes seduce me wonder whether it is better hither or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
2
The truth is that I hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding Radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
the truth is that i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a issued team by the statement
the truth is that a i myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in hurt statement issued by the team
the truth radmanovic that i hurt issued in a fall while snowboarding is said in a statement myself by the team
the truth is that i hurt in in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic by myself a statement issued said the team
truth is that i myself in fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team
the truth is i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by team
the truth is that i hurt myself in a fall while radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team
the truth is that i hurt myself a fall while radmanovic said in a statement issued the team
Harinarain the truth is that i hurt myself in a fall Finsbury while snowboarding radmanovic said in pagers a statement issued by the team.
the AD truth is that i host hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a Jessieville statement issued by the team.
the truth is that gastronomic i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in foldout a statement issued by the gloomy team.
the Bullboards truth fubar is that i hurt myself Forum in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
the the true is that i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the squad.
the truth is that i suffer myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
the truth is that i smart myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the squad.
the truth is that i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the squad.
2
Then I fell down and found myself in the hospital when I opened my eyes he said.
then i fell down and found myself in the he when i opened my eyes hospital said
then i fell down and found myself in the said when i opened my eyes he hospital
then i fell down and found myself in the my when i opened hospital eyes he said
then i fell down and found myself in the my when i opened hospital eyes he said
then i fell down and found myself the hospital when i opened my eyes he
then i fell down and found in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said
then i fell down and found myself the when i opened my he said
then i down and found myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes said
then i Rémi fell down and found myself in the hospital when i opened RAMADAN my eyes he said.
then i fell down casual and found myself in the hospital when i opened Lorriman my eyes he said.
then i fell down and found myself in the XLNX hospital THEREFORE when i opened my eyes he said.
then i fell down and Bisney found Assault myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said.
then i vanish down and found myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said.
then i fell down and found myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes helium say.
then i fell down and found myself in the infirmary when i opened my eyes he said.
then i fell downwards and found myself in the hospital when unity opened my eyes he said.
2
Then I felt something hot go through my flesh and I fell down said Alice Mbiviu.
then i felt something hot go through my flesh and i fell down alice said mbiviu
then i felt something hot through go my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu
then i felt something hot go fell my flesh and i through down said alice mbiviu
then i felt something hot go through my flesh and i fell alice said down mbiviu
then i something hot go through my and fell down alice mbiviu
then felt something hot go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu
i felt something hot go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu
then i something hot go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu
then Underpants i felt something hot go through Lyle my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
then i NUFC felt something hot go through my flesh Pardeep and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
then i felt something hot go through DNA my flesh and i fell down teasingly said alice mbiviu.
then i felt Danny something hot go through my flesh and i fell rug down said alice mbiviu.
then i felt something blistering go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
then i feel something hot go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
then i felt something hot become through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
then i felt something hot hold out through my flesh and i fell downwards said alice mbiviu.
2
"Then, suddenly the flood ended and I was in another city said Guldstrand, who found the boy at a Buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter."
then suddenly the flood ended and i was in boy city said guldstrand who temple the another at a buddhist found where survivors sought shelter
a suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand who found the boy sought then buddhist temple where survivors at shelter
then suddenly found flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand who the the at boy a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter
then suddenly the flood ended and i temple in who city said guldstrand another found the boy at a buddhist was where survivors sought shelter
then the ended and i was in another city said guldstrand who the boy at buddhist temple where sought shelter
then suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought
then suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city guldstrand who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors shelter
then suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand found the boy a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter
" then, suddenly the Jawadullah flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand, who found the boy at Soma a buddhist temple where survivors sought Sonic shelter. "
" then, suddenly Ford the esource flood ended and i was in another Christopher city said guldstrand, who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i Chimichurri was in another city said guldstrand, Demy who Speedle found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
" then, Eric suddenly the flood ended and Differentiated i was in another city said guldstrand, who found the boy at Zavarella a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
" and then, suddenly the flood ended and i be in another city said guldstrand, who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand, who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivor sought shelter. "
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand, who happen the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors seek shelter. "
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i embody in another city say guldstrand, who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
2
"There are places that I don't even go anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said Salif, a Burkinabe Muslim from Abidjan's west."
there are places that i dont even go anymore for fear racketeered being beaten or of by the security forces said salif a from muslim burkinabe abidjans west
there i places that are dont even go burkinabe for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif a anymore muslim from abidjans west
there are places that i dont even go racketeered for fear of being forces or anymore by the security beaten said salif a burkinabe muslim from abidjans west
there are places that i dont even go beaten for fear of being anymore or racketeered by the security forces said salif a from muslim burkinabe abidjans west
there places that i dont even go anymore for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif a burkinabe from abidjans west
there are places that i dont even go anymore for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif a muslim from abidjans
there are that dont even go anymore for of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif a burkinabe muslim from abidjans west
there are places that i dont go anymore for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif a burkinabe muslim from abidjans west
" ethnic there are places that i don ' t even go anymore, Ongley for fear of being beaten or racketeered by Veny the security forces spokesman said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that Heatherdale i ENYCE don ' t even Venkatapathi go Ajay anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places Ronne that i don ' t even go anymore, for fear sworn of bores being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif, a Kayli burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places Takao that i don ' t even go anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security BURLINGTON forces said salif, a burkinabe Shazer muslim from abidjan ' s Allen west. "
" there are places that i don ' t still go anymore, for veneration of being beaten or racketeered by the security measures forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that i don ' t even go anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the surety forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s western united states. "
" there are places that i don ' t even go any longer, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that i don ' t still go anymore, for concern of being beaten or racketeered by the security measure forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
2
"This morning I burned myself on some wire says Ramos' son William, a 7-year-old."
wire morning i burned myself on some this says ramos son william a 7 year old
this morning i burned myself on some says wire ramos son william a 7 year old
this morning i burned myself on some a says ramos son william wire 7 year old
this morning i burned myself on some william says ramos son wire a 7 year old
this morning i burned myself on some wire says ramos son william a 7 year old
this morning i burned myself on some wire says ramos son william a 7 year
this i burned myself on some wire ramos son william a 7 old
this morning i burned myself on wire says ramos son william 7 year old
" this morning i burned Alex myself Nethralaya on some wire rescoring says ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this morning i burned myself on Mears some PrisonPlanet.com wire says Vorhies ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this morning i Towler burned Optical myself on some wire CEOA says ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this morning CUSU i MOVE burned myself on Citigroup some wire says ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this morning i burn myself on some wire says ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - sometime. "
" this morning i burned myself on some telegram pronounce ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this dawn i burned myself on some wire says ramos ' son william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this morning i burned myself on some wire says ramos ' son william, a sevener - year - erstwhile. "
2
This was the first time I've experienced a physical assault Vilks said.
this was the a time ive experienced first physical assault vilks said
this was the first time ive experienced assault physical a vilks said
this was the first time experienced ive a physical assault vilks said
this was the first time ive vilks a physical assault experienced said
this was the first time ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
this was the first ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
this was the first time ive a assault vilks said
this was the first time ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
Preferred this was the first time i ' ve experienced a physical assault EAST vilks said.
this was the first time i ' ve experienced S.League a physical traded assault vilks said.
this was Committee the first time Judy i ' ve experienced a physical assault vilks said.
this was the first Drawing time i ' ArrowStream ve experienced a physical assault vilks said.
this was the foremost time i ' ve experienced a physical ravishment vilks said.
this was the first prison term i ' ve experience a physical assault vilks said.
this was the first time unity ' ve experience a physical assault vilks said.
this was the first time i ' ve experience a strong arm assault vilks said.
2
What I fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what natural fear most is that into bought the piranhas will release them whoever i waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying
what i fear most is that whoever bought will piranhas saying release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as the
what i fear most is release whoever bought the piranhas will that them into natural quoted for fear of arrest he was waterways as saying
what i fear most is that was bought the piranhas saying release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he whoever quoted as will
what i fear most that whoever bought piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest quoted saying
what i fear most that whoever bought piranhas will release them into natural for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying
what i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will them into natural waterways for of arrest he was quoted as
what fear most is that bought the piranhas will release them into waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying
MRSA what i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of SEH arrest Pravin he was quoted as saying.
what i fear most MMAP is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them Emilia into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was BMDS quoted as saying.
what i fear most is that whoever bought Malaca the Skilling piranhas will JAMES release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i fear most is that democratically whoever Eggman bought the piranhas faute will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i fear most be that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i reverence most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into lifelike waterways for fear of arrest he be quoted as saying.
what i revere most is that whoever bought the piranhas will unloose them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will publish them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
2
"When I first got to the jail, I just about tried to hurt myself because I was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer he said."
because i first got to the jail i just about tried to hurt killer when i was so despondent about being labeled a serial myself he said
when i first got to the jail i just about tried to being was because i myself so despondent about hurt labeled a serial killer he said
when he first got hurt the jail i just about tried to to myself because i was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer i said
when i first got to the jail i just about tried to because said hurt i was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer he myself
when i first got to jail i just about tried to hurt myself because i was so despondent about being labeled serial killer he said
i first got to the jail i just about tried to hurt myself because i so about being labeled a serial killer he said
when i got to the jail i just about tried to hurt myself because i was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer said
when i first got to the jail i just about tried to myself because i was despondent about being labeled a killer he
" when i Feintool first chicken got AKER to the jail, i just stress about tried to hurt myself because i was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer he said. "
" when i first got to the feddans jail, i Groton just about tried to hurt myself because i was so Marie despondent about being Tomato labeled a serial killer he said. "
" when i first got to the jail, i Ambassador just about tried to hurt myself because Ruffy i was so despondent about being Pharmalicensing labeled Awami a serial killer he said. "
" when i first got to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because i was so Su'e despondent about Comeback being labeled Curchin a serial killer he Downtowner said. "
" when i first got to the gaol, i just about tried to hurt myself because i be so despondent about being label a serial killer he said. "
" when i first got to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because i represent so despondent about be labeled a serial sea wolf he aver. "
" when i first get to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because i be so despondent about be labeled a serial killer he say. "
" when iodine foremost got to the jail, i just about try to hurt myself because i was therefore despondent about being labeled a serial killer he said. "
2
"When I heard the rumble of the flood, all the time I had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful Erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic."
when i heard the rumble of the flood found the time i had the to the out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi save shocked by jump events but she that grateful had been able to still a family rabbit and that her cat was all wet and shivering in was attic
higher that heard the rumble of the flood all the time i had was run jump out the window and to to when ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events but grateful i she had been able and save a family rabbit to that was cat her found wet and shivering in the attic
when i and the rumble of rabbit flood by the time i had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked all the events but grateful that that had been able to save a family the heard she her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic
to i heard the rumble of the flood all the time i had was to jump out the a and run to higher ground said window tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events but and that she when been able had save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet grateful shivering in the attic
when i heard the rumble of the flood all the time i had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events but grateful that had been able to save a family and that her cat was found wet shivering the attic
when i heard the rumble of the flood all the time i had was to jump the window and run higher ground a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events grateful that she had been able save a rabbit and her cat found wet and shivering in the
when i heard the rumble of the flood all the time i had was to jump out the window and to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by events but grateful that she had been able to save a family and her was found wet and shivering in the attic
when i heard the rumble of the flood all the had was to jump out the and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in attic
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, all the time i had was to jump Jagat out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful Carl erdelyi, Marchwinski still shocked by Epstein the Gabrielle events but grateful that Viennese she had been able to save a BOXBOROUGH family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, all Gravita the time i had was Polehinke to jump out the Nigga window and run to higher ground said Booties a By tearful erdelyi, still shocked Midsize by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and rickety shivering in the attic. "
" Austria when i heard the rumble Allawi of the flood, Yann all the time Commercial i junking had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi, still shocked by girl the events but grateful that she fuentes had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
" when Ansbacher i heard the rumble of the flood, all the time antiestablishment i had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said Enosis a Loui tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events BEAUTY but grateful that she Dennis had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and spokesman shivering in the attic. "
" when i heard the grumble of the flood, all the time i had was to chute prohibited the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had be able bodied to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, all the time i had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a weeping erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to hold open a family rabbit and that her quat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
" when i try the rumble of the flood, totally the time i had was to jump out the windowpane and fly the coop to higher reason said a tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
" when i hear the rumble of the flood, all the time i had was to jump out the window and run to higher primer coat said a weeping erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a kinsfolk rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
2
"You know I have previously been assaulted to near death Anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago."
you know i have previously been assaulted to near arrested anwar said received to a beating he referring after being death on sex and corruption charges a decade ago
you know i have previously been assaulted to near anwar death said referring to a beating on received after being arrested he sex and corruption charges a decade ago
you he i said previously been assaulted to near death anwar have referring to a beating know received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago
you being i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said referring and a beating he received after know arrested on sex to corruption charges a decade ago
you know i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago
you know i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said referring to a beating he after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago
you know i previously been assaulted to near death anwar said referring to a he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a
you know i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago
" you know i have Matt previously been assaulted to near death Essential anwar jardine said, referring to a Children beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
" you decanters know STORRS i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a beating he received Ruflin after being arrested on sex and Values corruption charges a decade ago. "
" you know i have previously Emnid been assaulted to Mother near Parramatta death anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption Kohati charges a decade ago. "
" you ALL know Maurice i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a Altek beating Aleksandr he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
" you know i have antecedently been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sexuality and corruption charge a decade ago. "
" you know i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, consult to a beating he receive after be arrested on sex and corruption charges a 10 ago. "
" you know i have previously be assaulted to near last anwar said, referring to a beating he received after embody get on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
" you sleep together single have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being collar on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
2
"A few friends of mine and I, we seized three assault tanks."
a few friends of mine i and we seized three assault tanks
a tanks friends of mine and i we seized three assault few
mine few friends of a and i we seized three assault tanks
friends few a of mine and i we seized three assault tanks
a few friends of mine and i we seized three assault tanks
a few friends of mine and i we three assault
a few of mine and i we seized three assault tanks
a few friends of mine and i we seized three assault tanks
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized WHRV three associatively assault tanks. "
" a few friends of networkable mine Peanut and i, we seized three assault tanks. "
" a few friends of mine and i, www.BroadwayInChicago.com we seized three assault Inovio tanks. "
" devoured a few Deabill friends of mine and i, we seized three assault tanks. "
" a few friends of mine and 1, we seized three assault tanks. "
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized three violation tanks. "
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized three ravishment tank. "
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized trine ravishment tanks. "
2
"And I also have been attacked, there were six people, skinheads. "
people i also have been attacked there were six and skinheads
and i also have been attacked six were there people skinheads
and i also been have attacked there were six people skinheads
and i people have been attacked there were six also skinheads
and i also have attacked there were six skinheads
and i also have been attacked there were six people skinheads
and i also have been attacked there were six people skinheads
and i also have been attacked there were six people skinheads
" and satanic i also have been attacked, there McClerkin were six people, skinheads. "
" and Poles i also have been Senato attacked, there were six people, skinheads. "
" Shawn and i also RAC have been attacked, there were six people, skinheads. "
" and i also have Eleven2 been attacked, there were six people, Investigator skinheads. "
" and i also have cost attacked, there were six citizenry, skinheads. "
" and i also get been attacked, there were sise people, skinheads. "
" and i also get been attacked, there were six people, bootboys. "
" and i also have been attack, there were half dozen people, skinheads. "
2
"Another woman told AFP:""I was raped together with my two daughters."""
another woman told afp i was raped together with two my daughters
another with told afp i was raped together woman my two daughters
another afp told woman i was raped together with my two daughters
another woman told afp two was raped together with my i daughters
another woman told afp i raped with my two daughters
another woman told afp i was raped together with my two daughters
another woman told afp i was raped with my two
another woman told afp i was raped together with my two daughters
" DoDIIS another Drag woman told afp: " " i was raped together with my two daughters. " " "
" another Mike woman told afp: " " hellstorm i was raped together with my two daughters. " " "
" another BENEDICT woman told afp: " " i was raped Arish together with my two daughters. " " "
" another woman told afp: " " i was raped together Barshinger with my Hogsback two daughters. " " "
" another woman told afp: " " i was dishonor together with my two daughter. " " "
" another woman told afp: " " i be raped together with my two daughters. " " "
" another woman told afp: " " atomic number 53 was raped together with my two daughters. " " "
" another woman say afp: " " i cost raped together with my two daughters. " " "
2
"As I was sitting in the back of a Land Rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed."
as i was sitting in the back of a land rover it was the idea of not knowing not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed
as i was was in the back of a land rover knowing sitting the idea of not it not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed
as we knowing sitting in the back of a land rover it was the idea of not was not knowing if i were going to be shot or ambushed
as i was sitting in a back of the land rover it not the idea of was knowing not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed
i was sitting in the back of land rover it was the idea of not knowing not if were to be shot or ambushed
as i was sitting in the of a land rover it was the idea not knowing not we going to be shot or ambushed
as i was sitting in the back of a land rover it was the idea of not knowing not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed
as i was sitting in the back of a land it the idea of knowing not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed
" as again i was sitting in the back of Glaccum a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were www.ritzcarlton.com going to micro be shot or ambushed. "
" as i was sitting Stella in the back of Birchman a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were going to Considerable be shot Dongfeng or ambushed. "
" as i contain was sitting in the back of a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing Shawn if we were Amtex going to be MaxPreps.com shot or ambushed. "
" as i was sitting in the back of unaired a land rover, it was the idea Aritman of Curchin not knowing: not knowing if we were going to be shot Tata or ambushed. "
" as i was sit in the back of a land rover, information technology was the idea of not knowing: non knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed. "
" as one be sitting in the spine of a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were going to be shot beaver state ambushed. "
" as i was sitting in the back of a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: non knowing if we comprise going to be changeable or ambushed. "
" as i was sitting in the back of a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we exist going to be shot or ambushed. "
2
"At the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if I troubled them in any way."
the at beginning when they kidnapped me they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way
at the way when they kidnapped me they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any beginning
at the beginning when they kidnapped me they to threatened kill me if i troubled them in any way
at the beginning when they kidnapped kill they threatened to me me if i troubled them in any way
beginning when they kidnapped me they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way
the when they kidnapped me they threatened to kill me if i troubled in any way
at the beginning when they kidnapped me they threatened kill if i troubled them in any
at the beginning when kidnapped they threatened to kill me i troubled them in any way
" Geraldo at the beginning, espouse when they kidnapped me, Moore they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way. "
" Beau at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if i Le troubled them playfighting in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped W. me, they threatened to tensile kill me if i Moalboal troubled them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if i troubled unused them Steve in Ebitda any way. "
" at the beginning, when they nobble me, they menace to kill me if i troubled them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill maine if i trouble them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way. "
2
"Being young and sometimes immature, I initially panicked and made up a false story about how I hurt myself. "
being young and sometimes story i initially panicked and made up a false immature about how i hurt myself
immature young and sometimes being i initially panicked and made up a false story about how i hurt myself
being young and hurt immature i initially panicked and made up a false story about how i sometimes myself
being young and sometimes immature i panicked initially and made up a false story about how i hurt myself
young and sometimes immature i initially panicked and made up false story about how i hurt myself
being young and sometimes immature i initially panicked made up a false story about how hurt myself
being and sometimes immature i initially and made a false story about how hurt myself
being young and sometimes immature i initially panicked and made up a false story about how i hurt myself
" MOUNT being young Denten and Emeralda sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made up a false story about how i hurt myself. "
" being young HD and sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made up Anton a false story about how i hurt Kumarmangalam myself. "
" being young and sometimes immunologically immature, i initially panicked and made METHUEN up a false story about pTeroPure how i hurt myself. "
" being young and supercops sometimes Schnebly immature, i Resident initially panicked and made up a false story about how i hurt myself. "
" be young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made up a false story astir how one hurt myself. "
" being young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made upwardly a false story astir how i hurt myself. "
" being young and sometimes immature, i initially panic and made upward a false story about how i hurt myself. "
" being unseasoned and sometimes immature, i initially panic and made up a false story about how one hurt myself. "
2
But I am now a dad who can't take his kids to a football game on a Saturday because I am advised that we would be assaulted.
but i am take advised dad who cant now his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am a that we would be assaulted
but i am now a dad am cant take his kids to a football game on a saturday because that who advised i we would be assaulted
am a but now a dad who cant take his kids to i football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted
football i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a but we on a saturday because i am advised that game would be assaulted
but i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would assaulted
but i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a football game on saturday because am advised that we would be assaulted
but i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a game on a saturday because i advised that we would be assaulted
but i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted
but i am now a dad who can ' t take his kids ESSP to a football game on a self saturday because Darklight i am advised that we would be assaulted.
but i Down am now a dad who can ' t take his kids to a football game on a BRINDISI saturday because i am Perodua advised that we would be assaulted.
but i am now a dad who can ' CEO t take his QHR kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be Luzzati assaulted.
but i am now Francois a dad Compactflash who can ' Angop t take his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted.
but 1 am now a dad who can ' t study his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted.
but i am like a shot a dad who can ' t take his kids to a football game on a sabbatum because i am suggest that we would be assaulted.
but i am now a dad who can ' t take his kids to a football game on a saturday because iodin am advised that we would be ravish.
but i am now a dad world health organization can ' t take his kids to a football game game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted.
2
"But I can be raped more easily when I sleep out on the road said Dhua's wife Janatika, covering her arms with threadbare old clothes."
but i can be raped her easily when i sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering more arms old threadbare with clothes
but i can be more raped easily when i sleep out dhuas the road said on wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
but i can old raped more easily when i sleep out on the road said wife dhuas janatika covering her arms with threadbare be clothes
but more can be raped when easily i i sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
but can be raped easily when sleep on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
but i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
but i can be raped more easily when sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her with threadbare clothes
but i can be raped more easily when sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
" but i Karim can be raped more easily when i sleep out on Wiesmann the Soppa road said dhua ' s wife janatika, covering her Denver arms with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can be raped more easily Tottenham when #.#E i sleep out on IDMA the road said dhua ' s wife janatika, covering Flexpoint her arms with threadbare old clothes. "
" but FilmMagic.com i can be raped Mounir more easily when i sleep out on the road said dhua ' Almamy s wife janatika, covering her arms with threadbare Phone old clothes. "
" but i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the ###### road said dhua ' s wife LEIGH janatika, covering Ismaili her Linda arms with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can be raped more easily when ane sleep out on the road pronounce dhua ' s wife janatika, covering her branch with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can be rape more easily when i kip knocked out on the road said dhua ' s wife janatika, covering her arms with threadbare erstwhile clothes. "
" just i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the road said dhua ' s wife janatika, covering her arms with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can equal rape more easily when i sleep taboo on the road said dhua ' s wife janatika, cover her arms with threadbare old clothes. "
1
But I did not hurt myself.
but i did not myself hurt
but i did not myself hurt
hurt i did not but myself
myself i did not hurt but
but i did not hurt myself
but i did not hurt
but i did hurt myself
but i did not hurt myself
rockfill but i did not hurt myself.
but i did TrafficCast not hurt myself.
Asaoka but i did not hurt myself.
but Lap i did not hurt myself.
but i did not injure myself.
just i did not hurt myself.
but ace did not hurt myself.
but i arrange not hurt myself.
0
But I haven't got into an accident.
but havent i got into an accident
into i havent got but an accident
but i into got havent an accident
but an havent got into i accident
but i havent got into accident
but i havent got into an accident
i havent into an accident
but i got into an accident
but i interRel haven ' t got into an accident.
but i haven ' t got into Cushman an accident.
but MCLS i haven ' t got into an accident.
but i haven ' t Mallorca got into an accident.
but i haven ' t amaze into an accident.
but i haven ' t got into an stroke.
but i haven ' t got into an accident.
but i haven ' t beat into an accident.
0
But the flood waters demolished the house and I fell into the water.
but the waters flood demolished the house and i fell into the water
but the flood waters demolished the house the i fell into and water
but the water waters demolished the house and i fell into the flood
but i flood waters demolished the house and the fell into the water
but the flood waters demolished the house and i fell into the
the flood waters demolished the house and i fell into the water
but the flood demolished the house and i fell into the water
the waters demolished the and i fell into water
but the Moin flood waters demolished the house and i fell into Gaughan the water.
but the flood waters demolished the house and i fell ERSPC into Petroquisa the water.
but the flood waters demolished SpiritNow.com the house and Polygamous i fell into the water.
but the flood waters demolished Vallas the house and i fell into the Bodman water.
but the flood water demolished the house and single fell into the water.
simply the flood waters demolished the house and i fell into the water.
but the flood waters demolished the house and iodin fell into the pee.
but the flood waters demolished the house and i fall into the water system.
2
But the Santa Anas kicked up and I was surrounded by fire.
but the santa anas kicked up i and was surrounded by fire
but fire santa anas kicked up and i was surrounded by the
but the santa anas kicked was and i up surrounded by fire
but the santa kicked anas up and i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up and i was surrounded by
but the kicked up and i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up and i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked and i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up onsold and i was OUIL surrounded by fire.
but the santa anas kicked Dana up and i was surrounded by cyclingnews fire.
Vereniging but the santa anas kicked up and i Alexander was surrounded by fire.
EASYSHARE but the santa anas kicked up and i Smart was surrounded by fire.
but the santa anas kicked up and single was surrounded by fire.
but the santa ana kicked up and i be surrounded by fire.
simply the santa anas kicked up and unity was surrounded by fire.
but the santa anas kicked up and i be surrounded by fire.
2
"But when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, Cellini said:""All I could see was fire."""
but had they approached the gully where the plane when dug in cellini said all see could i was fire
but when they said was gully where the plane had dug in cellini approached all i could see the fire
but when they approached the gully where the see had dug in could said all i cellini plane was fire
fire when they approached where gully the the plane had dug in cellini said all i could see was but
but when approached the gully where the had dug in cellini said i could see was fire
but when approached the gully the plane had dug in cellini said all i see was fire
but when approached the where the plane had dug in cellini said all i could see was fire
but when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in cellini said all i could see was fire
" but when Babette they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini GOLD said: " " Pilirani all i could see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane Meskwaki had dug correspondent in, cellini said: " " all DWRI i could see was fire. " " "
" but when Adinolfi they approached the iiBIG gully where the plane tracker had dug in, cellini said: " " all i could see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane had xn dug in, cellini said: " " all salmon i could see was By fire. " " "
" simply when they go about the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini said: " " all 1 could see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini said: " " all atomic number 53 could see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the planing machine had grind in, cellini said: " " all i could look was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini aver: " " all i could see make up fire. " " "
2
"Even though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone else, I don't feel unsafe."
even everyone there are so many people all around bumping into though else i dont feel unsafe
even though there are so many people feel around bumping into everyone else i dont all unsafe
even though around are so many people all there bumping into everyone else i dont feel unsafe
even though there are so many people all unsafe bumping into everyone else i dont feel around
even though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone else i dont feel
though there are so many people around bumping into everyone else i feel unsafe
even though there are people all around bumping into everyone else dont feel unsafe
even though there are so many people all around bumping everyone dont feel unsafe
" even though there are so many people all around bumping Veran into everyone Burrie else, i don ' DeBlauw t feel unsafe. "
" even though there are so Bakerloo many people all around Lifetime bumping BELGAUM into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even though there are so many people all around bumping May into army everyone else, Pessich i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even hydrothermal though there are so many people red all around bumping into everyone Marianne else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" yet though in that respect are hence many people all around bumping into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even though thither are so many people all around bumping into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even though there are thusly many people all around bumping into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" still though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
0
"For the last several weeks, I have been attacked. "
for the last several weeks attacked have been i
for the last attacked weeks i have been several
for the last several been i have weeks attacked
for attacked last several weeks i have been the
for the last several weeks i have been attacked
for the several weeks i have been attacked
for the last several weeks i been attacked
for the several weeks i have been attacked
" for the last fruit several weeks, i Ali have been attacked. "
" Swaroop for the last several weeks, Chattan i have been attacked. "
" for the Raleigh last several weeks, i Kaoru have been attacked. "
" for comparethemeerkat.com the Jerusalem last several weeks, i have been attacked. "
" for the last respective weeks, atomic number 53 have been attacked. "
" for the concluding several weeks, i get been attacked. "
" for the net several weeks, i have been attacked. "
" for the last several weeks, i have got been attacked. "
2
"Frankly, I have a fear of bomb blasts and I will celebrate this day by sitting in front of TV with my family. "
frankly i have a fear of bomb sitting and blasts will celebrate this day by i in front of tv with my family
bomb family have a fear of frankly blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting in front of tv with my i
front i have a fear of bomb my and i will celebrate this day by sitting in frankly of tv with blasts family
frankly i have a fear of family day and i will celebrate this blasts by sitting in front of tv with my bomb
frankly have a of bomb blasts and will celebrate this day by sitting in front of tv with family
frankly i have a fear of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting in of with family
frankly i a fear of blasts and i will celebrate day by sitting in front of tv with family
frankly have a fear of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting in of with my family
" frankly, i have a Druggists fear of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting Porcelain in front of tv with heretofore my family. "
" giant frankly, i have a fear of bomb blasts Immortal and i will celebrate this day by sitting in front of tv with APR## my family. "
" frankly, i have a fear Agency of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting Angelo in front of tv YSI with my family. "
" frankly, i have Actress a fear of bomb blasts and i visit will celebrate this day rickshaw by sitting in front of tv with my family. "
" frankly, i have a fear of turkey blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting in front of tv with my phratry. "
" frankly, i have a veneration of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this clarence day by sitting in front of tv with my family. "
" frankly, i have a fear of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this day by sit in front of television set with my family. "
" frankly, i have a fear of turkey blasts and i will celebrate this day by sit down in front of tv with my family. "
2
"Hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said ""I have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment."" "
after collapsed hirtzberger eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed said eating the chocolate and after i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed after have the chocolate and said i eating been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed i eating the chocolate and said after have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
collapsed eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said have been poisoned before helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for
" hirtzberger collapsed RIVERHEAD after eating the chocolate and said " " i Berry have been poisoned before Honolua being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" John hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said " " i have Christie been Top poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger Chesnara collapsed after eating the chocolate and said " " i have been poisoned Bon before being helicoptered Beyond to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger frontman collapsed after eating the chocolate and Mandala said " " i have been poisoned before being helicoptered Language to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and say " " i have been poisoned before live helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said " " i make been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapsed after run through the chocolate and said " " i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger burst after eating the chocolate and say " " unity have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
2
I accidentally fell down a flight of stairs.
of accidentally fell down a flight i stairs
i accidentally fell down a flight stairs of
i accidentally fell down of flight a stairs
i flight fell down a accidentally of stairs
i accidentally fell down a flight of stairs
i accidentally fell down flight of stairs
accidentally fell down flight of
i accidentally fell down a of stairs
i accidentally fell down knee a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell down a flight Atlas of stairs.
i accidentally fell down Jack a flight of stairs.
i accidentally Ahmad fell down a flight of stairs.
iodin accidentally fell down a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell devour a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell depressed a flight of stairs.
i unexpectedly fell down a flight of stairs.
2
"I almost fell down a couple of times, I had no power but I was fighting. "
i almost fell down of couple a times i had no power but i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple power times i had no of but i was fighting
i almost fell no a couple of times i had down power but i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple of times but had no power i i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple of times i had no but i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple of times i had no power but i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple times i had no power but i was fighting
almost fell down a couple of times i had no but i was fighting
" i Fjeld almost fell down Iniya a couple of times, i had no power but i was fighting. "
" i almost Mayor fell down a couple of times, i had no Antonin power but i was fighting. "
" i Ralphs almost fell down a couple of times, i had no power but i Ivan was fighting. "
" bloc i almost fell down a couple of times, i had no power but Super i was fighting. "
" i almost fell down a duet of times, i had no world power but i was fighting. "
" i almost fell down a couple of times, i possess no mogul but i was fighting. "
" i almost fell down a couple of times, i had no index but i be fighting. "
" i almost fell bolt down a couple of times, i had no power but unity was fighting. "
2
I am still in shock from the constant fear of death.
i am still in shock fear the constant from of death
i am still in shock death the constant fear of from
i am the in shock from still constant fear of death
i am still shock in from the constant fear of death
i am still in shock the constant fear of death
am still in shock from the constant fear of death
i am still in shock the constant fear of
am still in shock from the constant fear of death
Cooper i Steinbruecker am still in shock from the constant fear of death.
i am still shoulder in shock from dragger the constant fear of death.
i am still Nick in Isla shock from the constant fear of death.
i am still Pulsar in shock from the Maecenas constant fear of death.
i be yet in shock from the constant fear of death.
unity am still in shock from the never ending fear of death.
i am even so in shock from the constant fright of death.
i am still in seismic disturbance from the constant fear of death.
2
I believe so because I was shot from less than 20 metres.
i i so because believe was shot from less than 20 metres
shot believe so because i was i from less than 20 metres
i believe so because i was shot less from than 20 metres
i believe so less i was shot from because than 20 metres
i believe so i shot from than 20 metres
i believe so because i was shot from less than 20 metres
i believe so because i was shot from less than 20 metres
i believe so because i was shot less than
i believe so because i was shot from less than Hoppé 20 DS metres.
i believe so ##.exf# because i was shot from less than 20 Cuzz metres.
i Garcilazo believe so because Vera i was shot from less than 20 metres.
i believe so By because i was shot from Len less than 20 metres.
i believe so because i was shot from less than 20 cadence.
unity believe so because i was shot from less than 20 meter.
i believe and so because i constitute shot from less than 20 metres.
i consider so because i was shoot from less than 20 metres.
2
I came out with many others but I was attacked outside with a machete.
i came out with many others but i was attacked outside machete a with
i came out others many with but i was attacked outside with a machete
i came out with many a but i was attacked outside with others machete
i came outside with many others but i was attacked out with a machete
i came out with many others but i attacked outside a machete
i came out with many others but was attacked outside with a machete
i came out with many others but i was with a machete
i came out with many others but i attacked outside with machete
i HMG came out with many others but i By was attacked outside with a machete.
sedative i came out with many others but i was Stephanie attacked outside with a machete.
i came out Amir with many others but i was psychic attacked outside with a machete.
MP3 i came out with many others but i was attacked outside with a absorbance machete.
i came taboo with many others but i was attacked away with a machete.
i came come out with many others but i was attacked outside with a matchet.
i came out with many others just i be attacked outside with a machete.
i came out with many others but i was attacked outside with a machete.
2
"I can't understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
i in understand how cant my own state which we were fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
i cant understand how in my own are which we were fighting for we state attacked by fellow citizens
i cant understand how in my own state which we were fighting citizens we are attacked by fellow for
i fighting understand how in my own state which we were cant for we are attacked by fellow citizens
cant understand how in own we fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
i cant understand how in my own state which we were for we are attacked by fellow citizens
i cant how in my own state which we were fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
i cant understand how in my own which we were fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
" HALF i can ' t understand how, in my own state, tagless which ventral we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t understand how, in my own Stephanou state, which we were Laurayne fighting for, we are attacked Sadiki by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting Liza for, we Licea are attacked Unilevers by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t misquoting understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting ATLANTIC for, we are Kailahun attacked by fellow citizens. "
" 1 can ' t understand how, in my ain state, which we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting for, we be attacked by fellow citizen. "
" i can ' t realize how, in my own state, which we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t understand how, in my own state, which we were push for, we are attacked by fellow citizen. "
2
"I couldn't hear anything, but I just know it was a tornado."
i tornado hear anything but i just know it was a couldnt
i couldnt hear anything but just i know it was a tornado
tornado couldnt hear anything but i just know it was a i
i couldnt hear anything but i was know it just a tornado
couldnt hear anything but i just know it was a tornado
i couldnt hear anything but i just know it was tornado
i hear anything but i just know it was tornado
i couldnt hear anything but i just know it was a tornado
" abridged i couldn ' t Actress hear anything, but i just know it was a tornado. "
" i NOx couldn ' t hear anything, but i Polyp just know it was a tornado. "
" Schubertian i couldn ' t hear anything, but i just know leader it was a tornado. "
" i Riderz couldn ' t hear Simon anything, but i just know it was a tornado. "
" i couldn ' t hear anything, but i just know it was a tornado. "
" unity couldn ' t hear anything, but i just know it was a tornado. "
" i couldn ' t hear anything, just i just know it was a crack cocaine. "
" i couldn ' t hear anything, but i just know it be a tornado. "
2
"I did not hurt myself at all, but looking back I realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
i did not hurt myself looking all but at back i realized how an serious accident it could have been
i been not hurt myself at all but looking could i realized how serious an accident it back have did
i did not hurt could at all but looking back i realized serious how an accident it myself have been
i did at hurt myself not all it looking back i realized how serious an accident but could have been
i did not hurt myself all but looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have been
i did not hurt at all but looking back i realized serious an accident it could have been
i not hurt myself at all but looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have been
i did not hurt myself all but looking i realized how serious an accident it could have been
" i did not standup hurt myself at all, but looking back i squash realized how serious an flugtag accident it could have been. "
" i INJURY did not hurt www.fleetwood.com myself at all, but looking back i realized Etchepare how serious an accident it could have been. "
" i did not hurt myself at all, but looking back i realized how serious an NYSE accident it could Investment have leader been. "
" i Yeaman did not Korleski hurt myself at all, but looking back i realized how serious Suzane an accident it could have been. "
" i do not hurt myself at all, but appear back i realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
" i did not hurt myself at all, but looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have be. "
" i practice not suffer myself at all, but looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
" i did non hurt myself at all, but looking back i realized how serious an accident it could get embody. "
0
"I did not lose my home, and my husband and child are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes."
i did not lose my home and are husband and child are safe but we are still traumatized by my tsunami and the too in to return home afraid case another one comes
i did not lose my home the my husband and child are safe but we are still traumatized by comes tsunami and are return afraid to too home in case another one and
i still not lose to home and my husband and one are safe but we are did traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid my return home in case another child comes
i did not my one home and lose husband and afraid are safe but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too child to return home in case another my comes
i did not lose my my husband child safe we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes
i not lose my home and my husband and child are safe but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one
i not lose my home and my husband and child are safe but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and too afraid to return home in case another one comes
i did not lose my home and my husband and child safe but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and child ##.#B are safe, but Ifakara we are still traumatized Waldstadion by the Roesser tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and child are safe, but we RealCAPITA are still traumatized by the Ringtone tsunami and are too afraid to return Kate home in case another Malaya one comes. "
" i did not lose my war home, and my husband and child Metro are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid partner to return home Sparkford in case another one comes. "
" i did BUTTE not PJ lose my home, and my husband and child are safe, but we Tara are still traumatized by the tsunami and Vidaurre are too afraid to return home in case another one comes. "
" single did not lose my home, and my husband and tiddler are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are likewise afraid to return home in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and child are good, but we are notwithstanding traumatized by the tsunami and are besides afraid to return base in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my place, and my husband and fry are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and tyke are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to turn back home in case another single comes. "
2
I didn't hurt myself in the college series.
i didnt hurt college in the myself series
i didnt hurt myself in college the series
hurt didnt i myself in the college series
i didnt the myself in hurt college series
i didnt hurt myself in the college series
i hurt myself in the college series
didnt hurt myself in the college series
i didnt hurt myself in the college series
###,###.## i WORRIED didn ' t hurt myself in the college series.
i didn ' t trochus hurt Rs#### myself in the college series.
i didn ' commented t hurt myself in Joelle the college series.
i didn ' t hurt myself in Alhaurin the singer college series.
1 didn ' t hurt myself in the college series.
i didn ' liothyronine hurt myself in the college series.
i didn ' triiodothyronine hurt myself in the college serial.
one didn ' t hurt myself in the college series.
0
I didn't hurt myself too bad.
too didnt hurt myself i bad
i hurt didnt myself too bad
i myself hurt didnt too bad
too didnt hurt myself i bad
i hurt too bad
i didnt hurt myself too bad
i didnt hurt myself too bad
i didnt hurt myself bad
i didn ' Stephanie t hurt myself too bad.
i didn ' t hurt myself potent too bad.
i didn ' Jony t hurt myself too bad.
i didn ' t hurt BladeSystem myself too bad.
i didn ' t hurt myself also bad.
i didn ' t hurt myself too risky.
i didn ' t hurt myself overly bad.
i didn ' liothyronine hurt myself too bad.
0
I don't remember being shot in the legs but I assume that was why I fell down.
i dont remember i shot in the legs but i assume that was why being fell down
i dont remember being shot down the legs but i assume that was why i fell in
i dont remember being shot was the legs but i assume that in why i fell down
i dont legs being shot in the remember but i assume that was why i fell down
i dont remember being shot in the legs but assume that was i fell down
i dont remember being shot in the legs but i assume that was why i fell down
i dont remember being in the legs but i assume that was why i fell
i dont remember being shot in the legs but i assume was why fell down
liquefied i don ' t remember being shot in the legs but i TEHRAN assume that was why i fell down.
i don ' t remember Pillette being shot in the legs but i assume that Municipal was why i fell down.
i don ' t remember being shot Thick in the legs Norilsk but i assume that was why i fell down.
i don ' t remember being GOOD shot in the legs but i assume that was AttoSense why i fell down.
i don river ' t call up being shot in the legs but i assume that was why i fell down.
i don ' t remember being shot in the legs simply i assume that was why i fell downwardly.
i don ' t remember being shot in the legs but i assume that was why one fly down.
i don ' metric ton remember be shot in the legs but i assume that was why i fell down.
2
I feared for my safety at the TCP  traffic control point.
i safety for my feared at the tcp traffic control point
i feared for my safety control the tcp traffic at point
i feared for my safety at the tcp control traffic point
i feared for my safety at traffic tcp the control point
i feared for my safety at the tcp traffic control point
i feared for safety the control point
i feared my safety at the tcp traffic control point
feared for my safety at the tcp traffic control point
i Orionis feared Vincelina for my safety at the tcp traffic control point.
i feared for my safety at the silencer tcp Wolfsonian traffic control point.
i feared for my safety Qatar at SMYRNA the tcp traffic control point.
i feared for my safety at the Ammunitions tcp traffic Sumeet control point.
iodine revere for my safety at the tcp traffic control point.
i feared for my safety at the tcp traffic control head.
i feared for my safety at the tcp traffic ascendency point.
i feared for my safety at the tcp traffic ascendence point.
2
I feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding have my bike and am more likely to on an accident
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike have am more likely to and an accident
bike feel drowsy while riding on my i and am more likely to have an accident
i feel drowsy while riding on am bike and my more likely to have an accident
i feel while riding on my bike and am more have an accident
feel drowsy while riding on my and am more likely to have accident
i feel while riding on my and am more likely to an
i feel drowsy riding on bike and am more likely to have an accident
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and Matt am more likely to have an Sarah accident.
i feel drowsy MEDfx while riding on my bike and Gillian am more likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while Has riding on my bike and am more likely to CFJ have an accident.
i Nummerdor feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more troops likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am to a greater extent likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am to a greater extent likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to experience an accident.
1
"I fell down and from then on, I couldn't remember anything. "
i fell anything and from then on i couldnt remember down
i fell down from and then on i couldnt remember anything
fell i down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
i fell down couldnt from then on i and remember anything
i fell down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
i fell down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
i fell down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
i fell down and from then on i couldnt remember
" i fell down tmorgan@timesleader.com and from then on, i couldn ' t remember www.bancroftfund.com anything. "
" Boschee i fell down and from then on, i couldn ' t remember Anas anything. "
" i fell down and Hamid from stranger then on, i couldn ' t remember anything. "
" i Matrimonial fell down and from then on, i couldn ' t remember Keywords anything. "
" i fell down and from then on, i couldn ' t remember anything. "
" i fell down and from then on, one couldn ' t remember anything. "
" i fell down and from then on, i couldn ' t remember anything. "
" i fall down and from and then on, i couldn ' t remember anything. "
2
I fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy.
repeatedly fell down and i cried for mercy
i fell down cried repeatedly and for mercy
and fell down i repeatedly cried for mercy
i fell down mercy repeatedly cried for and
i fell down and repeatedly for mercy
i and repeatedly cried for mercy
i fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy
i down and repeatedly cried for mercy
i fell down and repeatedly cried for Hudson mercy.
i fell down Charry and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fell down and repeatedly cried for tumoral mercy.
i fell down and repeatedly cried Raith for mercy.
i fell downward and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fell downwards and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fall down and repeatedly cried for mercy.
2
I fell down and when I got up I saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and 50 i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by when people maybe
i fell down people when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 and maybe
i fell by and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on down 50 people maybe
maybe fell down and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people i
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 maybe
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife trampled by 50 people maybe
i down and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled by people maybe
i fell down and when got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe
i fell down and when i got up Chihil i saw my Atholton wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and when i got Kenge up i AEDA saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and when Father i got Coleen up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down GAMMON and when i got up i saw England my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell downward and when i get up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife represent trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and when iodin got up i saw my wife being trample on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and when i got up i control my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
2
I fell down thought I had hurt my knee and was a bit scared.
i fell down thought i had hurt a knee and was my bit scared
fell i down thought i had hurt my knee and was a bit scared
i fell scared thought i had hurt my knee and was a bit down
i fell down thought i had hurt my knee a was and bit scared
i i had hurt my and was a bit scared
down thought i had hurt my and was a bit scared
i fell down thought i hurt my knee and was a bit scared
i fell i had hurt my knee and was bit scared
i Qaeda fell down thought i had hurt my Tyagi knee and was a bit scared.
i fell down By thought i had hurt my knee and was a bit CASTRO scared.
antiterrorists i fell down thought i had hurt my knee Mattias and was a bit scared.
i fell down thought i had Hiltbrand hurt my knee and was a turkey bit scared.
i fell downward thought i had hurt my knee and was a morsel scared.
i fell down thought i had injure my genu and was a bit scared.
i fell down thought i had suffer my knee and was a bit scared.
i fell down thought i had ache my knee and was a bit frightened.
2
"I fell down while bowling on Wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting."
be fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back you need bowl whole body to i perfect when you it while the is different when you are batting
wednesday fell down while you on i and that hurt the back you need my whole body to be perfect when bowling bowl while it is different when you are batting
i fell on while bowling is wednesday and that hurt my back you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl down it while different when you are batting
i when down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back you is the whole body to be perfect while you bowl when it need different fell you are batting
i fell down bowling on wednesday and that my back you need the whole to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you batting
i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that my back you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting
i fell down while on wednesday and that my back need whole to perfect you bowl while it is different when you are batting
fell down while bowling on and that hurt my back you need the whole body to be when you bowl while it is different when you are batting
" i fell down while bowling on wednesday and Lee that hurt my back, you need the whole body Connor to be FREAKING perfect when you TraderTools bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
" i fell down Niyi while bowling on wednesday and that supernatural hurt my back, you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different Karkowski when you are N. batting. "
" i fell down Passolt while bowling decadent on wednesday and that hurt my back, Acer you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl Cretu while it is different when you are batting. "
" i fell down P. while bowling on wednesday and Reflective that hurt my back, you need the whole body to be perfect Dolbeer when Stokes you bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
" i come down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
" 1 fell down while bowling on wednesday and that offend my back, you need the whole torso to be perfect when you bowl while information technology is different when you are batting. "
" i fell down while bowling on midweek and that hurt my back, you need the hale body to make up perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
" one fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole physical structure to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
2
I felt a shock and fell down.
i felt a fell and shock down
down felt a shock and fell i
down felt a shock and fell i
i felt a shock fell and down
i felt a and fell down
i a and fell
i felt a shock fell
i felt a shock and fell
i felt a shock Junie and fell down.
i felt VernissageTV a shock and fell down.
i felt a shock and wood fell down.
i felt a shock and fell brother down.
i felt a shock and fell downwardly.
one felt a shock and fell down.
i felt a daze and fell down.
i felt a jolt and fell down.
2
"I felt the air rushing through the house, and I thought it was a hurricane or a tornado."
i felt the air rushing through the house hurricane i thought it was a and or a tornado
i felt the air rushing through the house and i thought it was a a or hurricane tornado
i felt the air rushing through the house and a thought it was i hurricane or a tornado
i felt the air rushing through the house and i thought a was a hurricane or it tornado
felt the air rushing through house and i thought it was a hurricane or tornado
i felt the rushing through the house and i thought it was a hurricane or a tornado
i felt the air rushing through the i thought was a hurricane or a tornado
i felt the air rushing through the house and i thought it was a hurricane or a tornado
" Vaaulu i felt the air rushing through the house, and Secretary i thought it was Alhambra a hurricane or a tornado. "
" Voluntary i felt the air rushing through the house, and i thought it was a hurricane appropriately or Archrival a tornado. "
" i felt the air Krippel rushing through the house, and i thought it was Mark a hurricane American or a tornado. "
" i felt the air rushing through the Risk house, and i thought it was a Endale hurricane or a RESPONSIBILITY tornado. "
" iodin felt the air rushing through the house, and i thought it was a hurricane or a tornado. "
" i mat up the atmosphere rushing through the house, and i thought it was a hurricane or a tornado. "
" i felt the gentle wind rushing through the planetary house, and i thought it was a hurricane oregon a tornado. "
" i felt the air rushing through the house, and i think it be a hurricane or a tornado. "
2
I got on the inside ski and I fell down.
ski got on the inside i and i fell down
the got on i inside ski and i fell down
i down on the inside ski and i fell got
i inside on the got ski and i fell down
i got on the inside ski and i fell
got on the inside ski and i fell down
i on the inside ski and i fell down
i got on the inside ski and i fell down
i progressing got on www.charitywatch.org the inside ski and i fell down.
i REMS got on the inside ski and Adobe i fell down.
i got on the inside ski and CARON i fell EPT down.
i got on the inside ski and Cheshire i Janacek fell down.
i got on the inside ski and i fall down.
i got on the inside ski and i fell down.
ace got on the inside ski and i fell downwardly.
single get on the inside ski and i fell down.
2
I got on the inside ski and I fell down.
ski got on the inside i and i fell down
i got on the inside and ski i fell down
i got on the inside ski fell i and down
on got i the inside ski and i fell down
i on the inside ski and i fell down
i got on the inside ski and i fell down
i got on the inside ski and i fell down
i got on the inside ski and i fell
i got SandRidge on Gebhard the inside ski and i fell down.
i PCPO got on the inside ski and i planar fell down.
i got on the inside Kiran ski and i fell Natik down.
i BAPE got on the inside snakes ski and i fell down.
i got on the inside ski and i fell down.
atomic number 53 got on the inside ski and i fell down.
i got on the inside ski and iodine fell downward.
i stupefy on the inside ski and i fell down.
2
I had no fear of skiing off the piste.
i had no fear off skiing of the piste
i fear no had of skiing off the piste
i fear no had of skiing off the piste
i had off fear of skiing no the piste
i had no fear of skiing off the piste
i had no fear skiing the piste
i had no fear of skiing off the piste
i had no fear of skiing off the piste
i had Joey no fear of skiing off the piste.
i had no fear of skiing off the Recknagel piste.
i had no fear of skiing off BBL the piste.
i had no fear of skiing DDoS off the piste.
i have no fear of skiing off the piste.
i had no fear of skiing away the piste.
i had no fear of skiing polish off the piste.
i had no fear of skiing off the piste.
0
I have been attacked 70 or 80 times.
i have attacked been 70 or 80 times
times have been attacked 70 or 80 i
i 70 been attacked have or 80 times
i have been times 70 or 80 attacked
i have been attacked 70 or times
i have been attacked 70 or 80 times
i have been attacked 70 or 80 times
have been attacked 70 or 80 times
i have been attacked 70 Suiters or 80 times.
i have been attacked 70 halfboards or 80 times.
i have been attacked WGU 70 or 80 times.
i have been attacked Su 70 or 80 times.
i have be attacked 70 or 80 times.
i make been attacked 70 or 80 times.
iodine have been attacked 70 or 80 times.
i have been attack 70 or 80 times.
2
I hurt myself a lot today so we'll see if I recover in time for the Tour Down Under.
i hurt myself a lot today so well see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself a lot today so well see if time recover in i for the tour down under
i hurt myself a lot today so well tour if i recover in time for the see down under
i today myself a lot hurt so well see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself a lot today so well see if i recover in time tour down under
i hurt myself a lot so well see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself lot today so see if i recover in for the tour down under
hurt myself a lot today so well if recover in time for the tour down under
i CHX hurt myself STEVEN a lot today so we ' ll see if i recover in prematurely time for the tour down under.
i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll see if i Habur recover Amherst in time Battlestations for the tour down under.
i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ERBITUX ll see endangered if i recover in Vishwa time for the tour down under.
i hurt myself whipper a lot today so we ' ll see if i recover in VANE time for Corcino the tour down under.
i spite myself a lot today so we ' ll see if one recover in time for the circuit down under.
i hurt myself a fortune today so we ' ll see if i recover in time for the tour john l. h. down under.
i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll see if one recover in sentence for the tour down under.
i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll interpret if i recover in time for the tour down under.
2
I jumped onto the track but I was afraid I would hurt myself.
i jumped would the track but i was afraid i onto hurt myself
i i onto the track but jumped was afraid i would hurt myself
i jumped onto the but track i was afraid i would hurt myself
i i onto the track but jumped was afraid i would hurt myself
jumped onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt myself
jumped onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt myself
i onto track but was would hurt myself
i jumped onto the track but was afraid i would hurt
i Nimalarajan jumped onto the Industries track but i was afraid i would hurt myself.
i jumped onto International the track but Thami i was afraid i would hurt myself.
i Lambot jumped onto the track but i was afraid dern i would hurt myself.
i jumped hemos onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt edge myself.
i jumped onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt myself.
i jumped onto the track simply i was afraid i would hurt myself.
i jumpstart onto the track but i was afraid iodin would hurt myself.
i jumped onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt myself.
1
I knew it was a robbery.
i it knew was a robbery
i a it was knew robbery
it knew i was a robbery
knew i it was a robbery
i knew it a robbery
i it was a robbery
i knew it was a robbery
i knew it was robbery
i knew it was a E robbery.
i knew it Jamba was a robbery.
air i knew it was a robbery.
i Rocco knew it was a robbery.
i knew it make up a robbery.
i knew it be a robbery.
i knew it was a looting.
one knew it was a robbery.
2
I knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew it or a tornado was something
i knew it tornado a was or something
i knew it or a tornado was something
i knew it was a something or tornado
i knew it was a tornado or something
i knew it was a tornado or something
i knew it a or something
i knew it was a tornado or
i knew it was a tornado or NFPA something.
i knew it Annie was a tornado or something.
Martin i knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew Phantom it was a tornado or something.
i knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew it was a tornado operating theatre something.
2
"I left because of the explosions and because I was threatened, simply because I'm a Shiite."
i left because of the explosions and a i was threatened simply because im because shiite
i a because of the explosions and because i was threatened simply because im left shiite
because left because of the explosions and i i was threatened simply because im a shiite
i left because of the was and because i explosions threatened simply because im a shiite
i left because of the explosions and because i was threatened because im a
i left because of the explosions and because simply because im a shiite
i because of explosions and because i was threatened simply because im a shiite
i because of the explosions and because i was threatened simply because im a shiite
" Sartaj i left because of the explosions and because i was Mardele threatened, Perkins simply because i ' m a shiite. "
" i left because of the Burt explosions and because i was threatened, Greasy simply because Cellulosic i ' m a shiite. "
" i left because of the AIM explosions and because i Kavounas was threatened, simply because i ' Robbie m a shiite. "
" i left because of Chofetz the explosions and Sen. because i was threatened, simply Bayou because i ' m a shiite. "
" i left because of the explosions and because i was threatened, plainly because i ' m a shiite. "
" i left because of the explosions and because i was threatened, simply because i ' m a shiite muslim. "
" i left because of the explosions and because i was threatened, just because i ' molarity a shiite. "
" i left because of the explosions and because i be threaten, simply because i ' m a shiite. "
2
"I may not think about the theft when I wake up in the morning, but when I go to bed, it is on my mind. "
i may not think up the theft when i wake about in the morning but when i mind to bed it is on my go
i may not think about the theft bed i wake up in the morning it when i go to when but is on my mind
i may not think about the theft when it i up in the morning but when i go to bed wake is on my mind
i is not think about the theft when i wake up in the morning but when i go to bed it may on my mind
may not think about the theft when wake up in the morning but when i to bed it is on my mind
i may not think about the theft when i wake up the morning when i go to bed it is on my mind
i may not think about theft when i up in morning but when i go to bed it is on my
i may not think about the theft when wake up in the morning but when i go to bed it is on my mind
" warranty i may not think about the theft when i Gingoyon wake up in the morning, but when i go to Pedro bed, it is on my mind. "
" i may not think about the theft when Bobbs i wake up in the morning, Banarjee but when i go Schaefering to bed, it is on my mind. "
" Mayor i may not think about the theft when i wake up in the morning, but when Sarvajanik i go to bed, cyan it is on my mind. "
" i FAS may not symbol think about the By theft when i wake up in the morning, but when i go to bed, it is on my mind. "
" i may not think about the theft when i wake up in the morning, just when i go to bed, it is on my mind. "
" unity may not think about the theft when i wake upward in the morning, but when i go to bed, information technology is on my mind. "
" i may not think about the theft when unity wake up in the morning, only when i go to bed, it is on my mind. "
" i may not remember about the theft when i wake up in the morning, but when i go to layer, it is on my mind. "
2
I recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
i recognized what a happening and had a feeling there was going to be was tsunami
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there be going to was a tsunami
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami
a recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be i tsunami
i recognized what happening had a feeling there was going be a tsunami
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami
i recognized what happening and feeling there was going to be a
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling was going to be tsunami
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to Chekwas be a Titan tsunami.
i recognized what was linebacker happening and had a feeling there was going Landsat to be a tsunami.
i recognized TriCore what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a Rodrigo tsunami.
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there ® was going to be a Les tsunami.
i recognize what was happening and had a feel there was going to be a tsunami.
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling thither was snuff it to be a tsunami.
iodine recognized what was happening and had a tone there was going to be a tsunami.
single recognized what be happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
2
I remember a snowstorm Monday morning so we couldn't get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i out a snowstorm monday morning so we couldnt get appeared a comedian whose name escapes me who remember at dinner and went long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldnt get long a comedian whose name escapes at who appeared me dinner and went out
i remember a snowstorm couldnt morning so escapes monday get out a comedian whose name we me who appeared at dinner and went long
i remember at snowstorm monday morning so we couldnt went out a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared a dinner and get long
i snowstorm monday morning couldnt out a whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner went long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so get out a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long
i a snowstorm monday morning so we couldnt get a comedian whose name me who appeared at dinner and went long
i a snowstorm monday so we couldnt get out a comedian whose escapes me who at dinner and went long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get B out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at Beldame dinner and went SnoopDogg long.
i GSI remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a Rick comedian Easter whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember grabs a snowstorm Judiciary monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared external at dinner and went long.
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a Special comedian whose name escapes me who Chaudhuri appeared at dinner and Nixzmary went long.
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose name get by me who appeared at dinner party and went long.
i call up a blizzard monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a blizzard mon morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose name get off me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get away: a comedian whose name escapes maine who appeared at dinner and went long.
2
I think I scraped my tummy.
i think tummy scraped my i
i think i scraped tummy my
i scraped i think my tummy
tummy think i scraped my i
i i scraped my tummy
i think i scraped my tummy
i think i scraped my tummy
i think i scraped my tummy
Landesberg i think i scraped my tummy.
i Pacific think i scraped my tummy.
i think i scraped old my tummy.
Hayfield i think i scraped my tummy.
i think single scraped my tummy.
i think i scraped my tummy.
i think i dispute my tummy.
i think i scratch my tummy.
2
I thought it was a tornado and that I wasn't going to live.
i thought it was a and tornado that i wasnt going to live
i thought it was going tornado and that i wasnt a to live
i live it was a tornado and that i wasnt going to thought
i thought it wasnt a tornado and that i was going to live
i thought it was a tornado and that i wasnt going to live
i thought it was a tornado and that i wasnt going to live
i thought it was a tornado and that i going live
i thought it was a tornado and that i going to live
i thought it was a tornado and that i HKSE wasn ' SST t going to live.
i thought it Mantrose was a tornado and that i wasn ' By t going to live.
i thought it was a Spivet tornado and that i wasn ' t going Lorch to live.
i Tesch thought Ind. it was a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to live.
i thought it was a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to live.
i thought it be a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to live.
i thought information technology was a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to live.
i thought information technology was a crack cocaine and that i wasn ' t going to live.
2
I took one swipe and connected fairly well and didn't fall down.
i took down swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall one
i one took swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe fairly connected and well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe fairly connected and well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe and connected Helam fairly well and Nathu didn ' t fall down.
i took one swipe and connected fairly Gee well and Pilago didn ' t fall down.
i took one swipe bot and connected fairly well and didn ' Plays t fall down.
Deisch i took By one swipe and connected fairly well and didn ' t fall down.
i took one swipe and connected fairly good and didn ' t fall down.
unity took one swipe and connected passably well and didn ' t fall down.
unity took one swipe and connected fairly easily and didn ' t fall down.
i take one swipe and connect fairly well and didn ' t fall down.
2
"I tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late. "
i tried to my father get out but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late
i away to get my father out but a fire erupted and nearby everyone told me to get tried or else it would be too late
i tried to get my father to but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me it get away or else out would be too late
i tried to get my father out but it fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away a else or would be too late
i tried to get my father but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too
i to get my father out but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too
i tried to get my father but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get or else would be too
i tried to get my but a fire erupted and everyone told me to get away or else it would be late
" i tried to Meraux get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away scandalous or else Coppin it would be too late. "
" i tried to get my father perforate out, but a fire erupted nearby port and everyone told me to get away or else it would be Fagenson too late. "
" i tried to get my father out, but a fire Dimanche erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be Mr too Point late. "
" i tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to Katharina get away or else Raymor it would movant be too late. "
" i tried to get my father out, but a fire break out nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late. "
" unity tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone evidence me to get away or else it would be too previous. "
" i tried to get my father tabu, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone tell me to get away or else it would be too former. "
" i tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get off or else information technology would be excessively late. "
2
I tried to run away but I fell down and they kicked me again.
i tried to run away but i fell down kicked they and me again
i tried me run away but i fell down and they kicked to again
i tried to run away but and fell down i they kicked me again
i tried down run away but i fell to and they kicked me again
tried to run away i fell down and they kicked me
tried to run away but i fell down and they kicked me
i tried to run away but i fell and they me again
i tried to run away but i fell down and kicked again
i Bedspread tried to run away but i fell Amboko down and they kicked me again.
i tried to run away but i vehicles fell down and they kicked 1km me again.
i tried to run away but i Soho fell Questec down and they kicked me again.
i tried to run Mahlsdorf away but i fell down bottomhole and they kicked me again.
i seek to run away but i fell down and they kicked maine again.
one tried to run away but i fell down and they kicked pine tree state again.
iodin tried to run away but i fell down and they kicked me again.
i tried to run out but i fell down and they kicked me again.
2
"I turned around and asked them to stop it, but they told me this was a robbery."
i turned around and asked them to stop it but told they me this was a robbery
i it around and asked them to stop turned but they told me this was a robbery
i turned around and asked them to stop it but they robbery me this was a told
i it around and asked them to stop turned but they told me this was a robbery
turned around and asked them to stop it but they told me this was a robbery
i turned around asked them to it but they told me this was a robbery
turned around and asked them to stop it but they told this was a robbery
i turned around and asked them it but they told me this was a robbery
" i turned around and asked HIMG them to stop it, but they told Branscombe me this was Jade a robbery. "
" i turned around Sharka and asked them to stop it, but they told me this By was a Mayor robbery. "
" i By turned around and asked them Educational to stop it, but they told me this disenrolling was a robbery. "
" i turned around and asked them Formation to Newtek stop it, but they told me Elson this was a robbery. "
" i turned around and asked them to stop information technology, but they told me this was a robbery. "
" i turn around and asked them to stop it, but they told me this be a looting. "
" single turned around and asked them to stop it, but they told pine tree state this was a robbery. "
" i wrick around and involve them to stop it, but they told me this was a robbery. "
2
"I was assaulted twice, and staff were assaulted numerous times."
i and assaulted twice was staff were assaulted numerous times
i was assaulted twice and staff numerous assaulted were times
assaulted was i twice and staff were assaulted numerous times
i was assaulted twice and staff times assaulted numerous were
i was assaulted twice and assaulted numerous times
was assaulted twice and staff were assaulted numerous times
i was assaulted twice and staff were assaulted numerous times
i assaulted twice and staff were assaulted numerous times
" i was assaulted Bob twice, Elias and staff were assaulted numerous times. "
" i was assaulted twice, GCN and ROH staff were assaulted numerous times. "
" i was assaulted twice, ####-##-## and staff were assaulted numerous paua times. "
" Fred i was assaulted twice, and staff were assaulted opium numerous times. "
" i was assaulted doubly, and staff were assaulted legion times. "
" i was assaulted twice, and staff be assaulted numerous times. "
" i was assaulted twice, and staff were outrage numerous times. "
" single was assaulted twice, and staff were assaulted numerous fourth dimension. "
2
I was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun.
i was madman and sentenced by a depraved convicted with an assault gun
i was depraved and sentenced by a convicted madman with an assault gun
i was madman and sentenced by a depraved convicted with an assault gun
i was convicted sentenced and by a depraved madman with an assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by depraved madman with an assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman an assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved with an assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved Bantamweight madman with an Clyo assault gun.
i was convicted EMSA and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault Vennum gun.
i was convicted Yutaka and sentenced Franckiewicz by a depraved madman with an assault gun.
i was convicted Duke and sentenced by a depraved Erik madman with an assault gun.
i was convicted and sentence by a depraved madman with an assault gun.
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved maniac with an assault gun.
i was convicted and sentenced by a perverted maniac with an assault gun.
i personify convicted and sentenced by a depraved maniac with an assault gun.
2
I was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult Golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a car walked last month and my arthritis golden difficult is said as she accident slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult of said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the golden help a walker
i was in a car accident last month and walker arthritis is difficult slowly said as she walked golden past the security gates with the help of a my
i was in a car accident last month gates my arthritis is difficult golden said as security walked slowly past the she and with the help of a walker
i a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car accident last month my arthritis is golden said as she walked slowly past the gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car accident last month and arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the a walker
i was in car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a
i was in a Greinke car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly Loose past Giro the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a car accident last month and Lootens my arthritis is difficult golden said as she DNR walked slowly TEES past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i doctor was in a nutso car 3RD accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was Oce in a car accident last month and my Sau arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked wife slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
unity was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walk slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a railcar accident last month and my arthritis be difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slow past the security gates with the service of a walker.
i comprise in a car accident last calendar month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
2
I was in a number of car accidents before.
i a in was number of car accidents before
i was in car number of a accidents before
i was before a number of car accidents in
before was in a number of car accidents i
i was in a of car accidents before
was in a number of car accidents before
was in a number of car accidents before
i was in a number car accidents before
i Heather was in a number of car accidents before.
i was in a number of car JYT accidents before.
i was in a number of car forensic accidents before.
i was in Windows a number of car accidents before.
i was in a number of car accidents before.
i was in a number of car stroke before.
i embody in a number of car accidents before.
i was in a turn of car accidents before.
2
I was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry.
i was raped of the kind by boy my mother would have wanted me to marry
kind was raped by the i of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry
i was raped by the kind of boy my have would mother wanted me to marry
i was raped by the kind of boy my mother wanted have would me to marry
i was by kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry
i was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to
i was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted to marry
i was raped by kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry
i was raped by Aging the kind of boy my mother Response would have wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the -------------------------------- kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to Seguros marry.
i was raped by the kind Chief of boy my mother would AEC have wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the kind of boy my thermoplastic mother would have wanted me to sulfur marry.
i was raped by the kind of boy my female parent would have wanted me to marry.
i was dishonor by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry.
i was rap by the kind of boy my mother would have require me to marry.
i was raped by the sort of boy my mother would take wanted me to marry.
2
I was robbed a few times and my shop was fired it.
i was robbed a few times and was shop my fired it
i was robbed a my times and few shop was fired it
i was robbed a few times fired my shop was and it
i was robbed a few times and my shop fired was it
i robbed a few times and my shop was
i was robbed a few times and shop was it
i a few times and my fired it
i was robbed a few times and shop was fired it
i Gran was robbed a few times and my Bellue shop was fired it.
i was robbed a few Laurette times and my Psych shop was fired it.
i was robbed a few Western times and my shop Cognitive was fired it.
i was robbed a few times SPLS and my Shark shop was fired it.
ace comprise robbed a few times and my shop was fired it.
i was robbed a few times and my workshop was provoke it.
i be robbed a few times and my shop was fired it.
i be robbed a few times and my shop comprise fired it.
2
I was running with fire behind me.
me was running with fire behind i
was i running with fire behind me
i was fire with running behind me
i with running was fire behind me
i was running with fire behind me
i was with fire behind me
i was running with fire behind me
i was running with fire behind me
i was running with Chanelle fire behind me.
i was running call with fire behind me.
i was running with Maybank fire behind me.
i was running with Vickie fire behind me.
i was running with fire behind me.
i was running with fire behind me.
i was running with fire behind pine tree state.
i be running with fire behind me.
2
"I was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drowning."
i was shocked from dead experience the the bodies and the fear of drowning
i the shocked from was experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and of fear the drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
i was shocked from experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
i was shocked from the the dead bodies the fear drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
" i was Photo shocked from Muklis the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drowning. "
" i Thank was shocked from the Pahn experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drowning. "
" DeKaser i was By shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and Ankara the fear Lease of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drown. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the reverence of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the numb bodies and the fear of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the veneration of drowning. "
2
I was threatened a year back and since then I have stopped working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back and then since i have stopped working and stopped driving
stopped was threatened a year back and since then i have i working and stopped driving
i threatened was a year back and since then i have stopped working and stopped driving
i was threatened a since back and year then i have stopped working and stopped driving
was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working stopped driving
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working stopped driving
i was threatened a year back since then i have stopped working and stopped driving
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working and stopped driving
i Unicomm was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working Quinna and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back Okaloosa and Ömer since then i have stopped working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back and since Kaspersky then i have stopped working and Reuben stopped driving.
i was threatened a Diadema year back and since then i have stopped Brian working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped solve and stopped driving.
iodin was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working and block driving.
i was threatened a year back and since and then i have stopped working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working and stop driving.
2
I was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
i cooperate threatened and there were attempts to force me to was
i was threatened and there were attempts to force to me cooperate
i was threatened and there were attempts force to me to cooperate
i was threatened and me were attempts to force there to cooperate
i was threatened and there attempts to force me cooperate
i threatened and there attempts to force me to cooperate
i was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate
was threatened there attempts to force me to cooperate
i was threatened and there were Ching attempts to force sandy me to cooperate.
i was threatened and there were attempts to Bob force me to Ahmad cooperate.
i was threatened and there were attempts to force lockable me to Noel cooperate.
DEAD i was threatened and there were Mark attempts to force me to cooperate.
1 was imperil and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
i be threatened and thither were attempts to force me to cooperate.
i was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
i be threatened and there were try to force me to cooperate.
2
I was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
3km was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than i from the final
i was trapped in the crash least took place in the bunch at that than 3km from the final
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least from 3km than the final
at was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch i least than 3km from the final
i was trapped in crash that place in bunch at than 3km from the final
was trapped in the crash that took in the bunch at least than 3km from the final
i was trapped in the crash that took in the bunch at least than 3km from the final
i was trapped in the crash that took place the bunch at least than 3km from the final
i was trapped Chamblee in PNGRFL the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the Cleaves crash that took place in NeoMedia the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped WBC in the crash that took place in the Glowiak bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the crash parole that took place in the bunch at DOUBLEHEADER least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the net.
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the last.
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i be trapped in the crash that took place in the crowd at least than 3km from the final.
2
"I was worried I was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so I changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip, too good of a grip. "
they was tennis i was gonna trip and too and hurt myself so i changed to worried shoes and i got a lot better grip fall good of a grip
i was worried too tennis gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to was i and they got a lot better grip shoes good of a grip
i gonna worried i was was trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to tennis better and they got grip lot shoes grip too good of a a
i was they i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to got shoes and tennis worried a lot better grip too good of a grip
i was worried i was gonna trip and fall hurt myself so to shoes and they got lot better grip too good of a grip
i was was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip too good a grip
i was worried i gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to tennis and they a lot better grip too good of a grip
i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip too good of a grip
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, Sarder so Slow i changed to tennis shoes and they got survivors a lot Montreuil better grip, too good of a grip. "
" i was worried i Evangelatos was gonna trip and fall and hurt Rainman myself, so i Prof. changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip, too Miniea good of a grip. "
" i Walgreen was worried i was gonna trip Mahmoud and fall and hurt myself, so i changed to tennis opus shoes and they got a Engine lot better grip, too good of a grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so i Brent changed to tennis campground shoes and they got Sanath a lot better grip, too good of Guoping a grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and crepuscule and hurt myself, so i vary to tennis shoes and they got a wad better grip, too good of a grip. "
" i was apprehensive i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, thusly i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip, too good of a grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so i change to tennis shoes and they get a lot better traction, too good of a grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and scathe myself, so i vary to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip, too estimable of a grip. "
1
"If I'd been alone I would have been attacked, too."
if id been alone i too have been attacked would
have id been alone i would if been attacked too
if id been alone i have would been attacked too
if i been alone id would have been attacked too
if id alone i would have attacked
if id alone i would have been attacked too
id alone i would have been attacked too
if id been alone i would have been attacked too
" if i ' d been alone i would holography have been pine attacked, too. "
" Rosewater if i ' d been alone i would Schrodinger have been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d been alone i would have Nivel been attacked, patent too. "
" if Kitty i ' d been alone i would have Jens been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d been alone unity would have been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d been alone 1 would have been attack, too. "
" if i ' d been solo i would take been attacked, too. "
" if iodine ' d been exclusively i would have been attacked, too. "
1
"I'm not driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
im not driving so much so my accident of an likelihood is lower
im not driving so much so my likelihood of an accident is lower
im not much so driving so my likelihood of an accident is lower
im not driving so much so of likelihood my an accident is lower
im not driving so much likelihood of an accident is lower
im not driving so much so my likelihood of an accident is lower
im not driving so much so my likelihood of an accident is lower
im not driving so much so my likelihood of an accident is lower
" i ' ATD m not Candido driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m microbial not driving so much, so my likelihood Altima of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m not driving so much, so my backcross likelihood of an accident is urbanized lower. "
" i ' m not driving Galynn so much, so my Syndrome likelihood of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m non drive so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m not driving so much, so my likelihood of an fortuity is lower. "
" i ' m not driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m non driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
1
"In a whisper she said:""When the landslide happened I just ran and ran."""
in a whisper she said and the landslide happened i just ran when ran
in a whisper she the when said landslide happened i just ran and ran
in a whisper she said when happened landslide the i just ran and ran
in a whisper she said when the landslide happened and just ran i ran
in a whisper she said when the landslide happened i just and ran
in a whisper she said when the landslide happened ran and ran
in a whisper she said when the happened just ran and ran
in a whisper she said when the landslide just ran ran
" in Dietterich a whisper she said: " " when the landslide Fall happened i just ran Masaki and ran. " " "
" Bedgebury in a whisper she said: " " when the landslide happened infinite i Kambalda just ran and ran. " " "
" in Alvaro a solanezumab whisper she said: " " when the landslide happened IHT i just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she said: " " when the VHF landslide happened Sonnemann i spokesman just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whispering she said: " " when the landslide happened i just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she say: " " when the landslide happened i simply ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she said: " " when the landslide happened i just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she enounce: " " when the landslide happened i precisely ran and ran. " " "
2
In Baghdad I was threatened because I was a Christian.
in baghdad i was threatened because i christian a was
in threatened i was baghdad because i was a christian
in baghdad i was threatened because i was christian a
in baghdad was was threatened because i i a christian
in baghdad i was threatened because i was a christian
in baghdad i was threatened i was a christian
in baghdad i threatened because was a
in baghdad i threatened because i was a christian
in baghdad i LaFernier was threatened because i was FOTA a christian.
in baghdad i was Deadly threatened because i was a RANDA christian.
Rollergirl in baghdad i was threatened because i was a tCGM christian.
in baghdad i HEARD was threatened because i Lillet was a christian.
in baghdad i was threatened because iodine was a christian.
in baghdad i be threatened because i was a christian.
in capital of iraq i was threatened because i was a christian.
in bagdad one was threatened because i was a christian.
2
In my first match I fell down and then I hit a backhand a little bit too late and I felt some pain.
in my first a i fell down and then i hit a backhand match pain bit too late and i felt some little
in my first a i fell down and then pain hit match backhand a little bit too late and i felt some i
in first my match i fell down little then i hit a backhand a and bit too late and i felt some pain
in my first match i fell then and down i hit a backhand a i bit too late and little felt some pain
in my first match i fell and then i hit a backhand a little bit too late and felt some
in my first match i fell down and then i a backhand a bit too late and i felt some
in my match fell down and i hit a backhand a little too late and i felt some pain
in my first down then i hit a backhand a little bit too late and i felt some pain
in my Van first match i fell appologise down and then i hit a backhand Hemant a little bit too late and i felt some pain.
in my first match i fell down SapuraCrest and then i hit Jonas a backhand a little bit Angner too late and i felt some pain.
in my first match i fell down and then i hit Grand a backhand a little bit too late and Ram i Mahendra felt some pain.
in my first match i Mon fell down and then i hit a backhand a little bit Maybell too late 5yr and i felt some pain.
in my first equal i fell down and then i hit a backhand a little bit too late and i felt some botheration.
in my first match i fell downward and then i hit a backhand a little flake too late and 1 felt some pain.
in my first match i fell down and and so i hit a backhand a little bit also late and i felt some pain.
in my first match i fell downwardly and then i shoot a backhand stroke a little bit too late and i felt some pain.
2
It is good that I didn't hurt myself but I damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
it good is that i didnt hurt myself but i damaged it enough to the be able to test not next day
it is good that i didnt hurt myself but i damaged it enough the not be able next test to to day
it is good that day didnt be myself but i damaged it enough to not hurt able to test the next i
it is good that i enough hurt myself i but damaged it didnt to not be able to test the next day
it is good that i didnt hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day
it is good that i didnt hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not able test the next day
it is good that i didnt hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day
it is good that didnt hurt myself but enough to not be able to test the next day
it is good that DreamCatchers i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to Clyde not be able to test the next Rumer day.
it Boussaboun is good that i didn ' t SLI hurt Weald myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
it Tic is good that i didn ' Fazlullah t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test seabird the next day.
it is leaner good that i didn ' t D hurt myself but i damaged it Arnolfini enough to not be able to test the next day.
it is good that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged information technology enough to not be able to test the next day.
it is good that 1 didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
it is good that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
it is unspoiled that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not follow able to test the next clarence shepard day jr..
0
I've been raped.
ive been raped
been ive raped
ive raped been
been ive raped
ive been raped
been raped
ive been raped
raped
i ' ve QUICPay been raped.
i ' ve been UM raped.
i ' 2D ve been raped.
i ' Gertrude ve been raped.
i ' ve been rape.
i ' ve be raped.
i ' ve been despoil.
i ' ve be raped.
2
"I've gotten in car accidents, not paying attention to the road."
ive gotten in car accidents not the attention to paying road
ive paying in car accidents not gotten attention to the road
ive gotten in attention accidents not paying car to the road
ive gotten in car accidents not paying attention road the to
ive gotten in car accidents not paying attention to road
ive in car accidents not paying attention to the road
gotten car accidents paying attention to the road
ive gotten in car accidents paying attention to the road
" indiplon i ' ve gotten in car Joao accidents, not paying attention to the road. "
" i ' ve gotten in car accidents, not paying Adjudicator attention to the MCMINNVILLE road. "
" i ' ve gotten Chief in car InsideMetals.com accidents, not paying attention to the road. "
" i ' ve gotten UMX in car MORPC accidents, not paying attention to the road. "
" i ' ve gotten in car accidents, non paying attention to the route. "
" i ' ve gotten in car accidents, non paying attention to the road. "
" i ' ve gotten in car fortuity, not paying aid to the road. "
" i ' ve gotten in elevator car accidents, not paying attention to the route. "
2
"I've had no accidents, no claims, no nothing."
ive had no accidents no nothing no claims
ive had no no accidents claims no nothing
had ive no accidents no claims no nothing
ive had claims accidents no no no nothing
ive had no accidents no claims no nothing
ive had no accidents no claims no nothing
ive had no accidents claims no nothing
ive had no accidents no claims no nothing
" i ' ve had no Loraditch accidents, no inject claims, no nothing. "
" i ' ve had no accidents, no Stefan claims, no Gordon nothing. "
" i ' ve had no accidents, no Abilities claims, no tearaway nothing. "
" WILL i ' ve had P. no accidents, no claims, no nothing. "
" i ' ve had no accidents, no claim, no nothing. "
" i ' ve had no stroke, no claims, no nothing. "
" ace ' ve had no accidents, no claims, no nothing. "
" i ' ve had no chance event, no claim, no nothing. "
0
"Luckily, I didn't hurt myself and I will try to get a good night's sleep and hopefully I'll be much better tomorrow."
luckily i didnt tomorrow myself and i will try to get a good nights sleep and hurt ill be much better hopefully
luckily i didnt hurt ill and i will try to get a good hopefully sleep and nights myself be much better tomorrow
luckily i didnt hurt myself good i will try much get a and nights sleep and hopefully ill be to better tomorrow
luckily i better hurt myself and i will try sleep get a good nights to and hopefully ill be much didnt tomorrow
luckily i didnt hurt and i try to get a good nights sleep and ill be much
luckily i didnt hurt myself i will try to get a good nights sleep hopefully ill be much better tomorrow
luckily i didnt hurt myself and i try to get a good nights sleep and hopefully ill be much better tomorrow
luckily i didnt hurt myself and i will try to get a good nights sleep and hopefully ill be much better tomorrow
" luckily, i didn ' t hurt myself countrymen and i will try to Ahmadreza get a good night ' s sleep Keb and hopefully Joel i ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
" AUGUSTA luckily, i didn ' t hurt myself and i will try to get a good Novell night ' s sleep and Marique hopefully i ' ll be Judon much better tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' ISLANDS t hurt myself and i Huynh will try to get Eure a good night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll Cappio be much better tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' Deep t hurt myself and i will try to Frances get a good night ' s sleep and hopefully Std i ' ll be much acquires better tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' t hurt myself and i will try to catch a good night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll be often better tomorrow. "
" luckily, one didn ' t hurt myself and i leave try to get a good night ' s sleep and hopefully 1 ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' t hurt myself and i will try to get a just night ' s sopor and hopefully i ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' t hurt myself and i will try to get a near night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll be much full tomorrow. "
0
My family members and I were physically assaulted.
my members family and i were physically assaulted
my family members and i physically were assaulted
my family members and i were assaulted physically
my physically members and i were family assaulted
family members i were assaulted
my family members and i were physically assaulted
my family members and i were physically assaulted
my family members i were physically assaulted
delicate my family members and i were physically assaulted.
my family please members and i were physically assaulted.
my family members and person i were physically assaulted.
my family members and Jubilaires i were physically assaulted.
my family members and i were physically assaulted.
my family extremity and i were physically assaulted.
my family members and i were physically assaulted.
my family members and i be physically assaulted.
2
"Now that I'm here in Kenya, I can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
now that im children in kenya i can live without the fear of my here being killed
now that the here in kenya i can live without im fear of my children being killed
now that im here in kenya the can live without i fear of my children being killed
now that im here in kenya i can live without the killed of my children being fear
now that im here in kenya i can without the of my children being
that im here in kenya i without the fear of my children being killed
now that im here in kenya i live without of my children being killed
now that here in kenya i can live without the fear of my children being killed
" now that i ' m here TUSCARAWAS in kenya, i can live without the fear of Highcliff my children being JITO killed. "
" now miner that i ' m here Imbasciani in kenya, McCommon i can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
" now that Woo i ' m here in kenya, i can Damir live without the fear of my children Asteroid being killed. "
" now that i ' m here earbud in kenya, i can live without the Wilmer fear of my children being Cerec killed. "
" now that i ' m here in kenya, single can live without the fear of my child being killed. "
" immediately that i ' m here in kenya, i pot live without the fear of my children being killed. "
" now that single ' m hither in kenya, i can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
" now that i ' m here in republic of kenya, i can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
0
"O""h OK, I got raped when I was 12 years old"" she said."
12 h ok i got raped when i was o years old she said
o h ok i got raped 12 i was when years old she said
years h ok i got raped when i was 12 o old she said
o h ok i got raped when i was 12 years old she said
o h ok i got raped when i was 12 years old she said
h ok i got raped when i was 12 years old she said
o h ok i got raped when i was 12 years old she said
o h i got raped when i was 12 years old she said
" o " " h ok, i got raped Mundfrom when i Ontology was prosecutor 12 years old " " she said. "
" o " " h BWise ok, i got raped Western when i was 12 years old " " she hairy said. "
" Sackers o " " h ok, Toumaz i got raped when i was Rahima 12 years old " " she said. "
" o " " Seabe h ok, i got raped when i was ESPN 12 Ms. years old " " she said. "
" o " " h ok, 1 got raped when i be 12 years old " " she said. "
" o " " h ok, i got violate when i was 12 years erstwhile " " she said. "
" o " " h oklahoma, i mother rape when i was 12 years old " " she said. "
" atomic number 8 " " h ok, i got raped when i was 12 years old " " she said. "
2
One day I went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
one day i went with my my on a accident on the sand and had a little bicycle and scratched brother leg
one day i went with my brother a on bicycle on the sand and had little a accident and scratched my leg
my day i went with little brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a one accident and scratched my leg
one day i leg with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched went my
one day i went my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had little and my leg
one day i went brother on a bicycle the sand and had a little accident and scratched leg
day i went with my brother on bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg
one day went my brother on a on the and had a little and scratched my leg
one day i went with habitue my brother on a bicycle on the Bangabandhu sand and had a little FVL accident and scratched my leg.
one day i went with my brother on Nanette a bicycle on the sand and judge had a Intel little accident and scratched my leg.
one day i Yurun went with my brother on Rodolfo a bicycle on the THAT sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
one day i went with my STACY brother on a bicycle on the ==== sand and had a little accident and scratched my SSAB leg.
one day i exit with my chum on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
one day i went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and have a little accident and expunge my leg.
one day i went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
one solar day i went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and inscribe my leg.
2
"One morning, as his mother waited for him to open his books, Briac told her:""I'm late because there was a snowstorm."" "
one morning as im mother waited for him to open his books briac was her his late because there told a snowstorm
one morning as his mother waited for him to open his because briac told her im late there books was a snowstorm
one morning as to mother waited for because his open his books briac told her im late him there was a snowstorm
one morning as late mother waited for him to open his her briac told books im his because there was a snowstorm
one morning as his mother waited for him to open his books briac told her im late there was a snowstorm
one morning as his mother waited for him to his told her im late because there a snowstorm
as his mother waited for him to open his books briac told her im late because there was a snowstorm
one morning as his waited him to open books briac told her im late because there was a snowstorm
" one morning, as his PowerShares mother waited for him Jreissati to open his books, briac told her: " " i ' m Dr. late because there Larose was a snowstorm. " " "
" one London morning, as his mother waited Marcos for him to open his books, DESPICABLE briac told her: " " i ' m late because there Cori was a snowstorm. " " "
" CAR one morning, as his mother Hemoptysis waited for J. him to open his books, briac told her: " " i ' m late because there Caracas was a snowstorm. " " "
" one morning, Zine as his mother waited for him to Triassic open hunkering his books, briac told her: " " i ' Borongan m late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
" one good morning, as his mother waited for him to open his volume, briac told her: " " i ' m late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
" one morning, as his mother waited for him to open up his books, briac told her: " " i ' m late because thither was a snowstorm. " " "
" one morning, as his female parent waited for him to open his books, briac told her: " " i ' chiliad late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
" one morning, as his female parent wait for him to open his books, briac told her: " " i ' m lately because on that point was a snowstorm. " " "
2
Sadly I slipped and fell down.
sadly i fell and slipped down
sadly i slipped down fell and
sadly fell slipped and i down
sadly i slipped fell and down
sadly i and fell
sadly i slipped and fell down
sadly slipped and fell down
sadly i slipped fell down
sadly i Yezek slipped and fell down.
sadly i slipped ###.##m and fell down.
lessoning sadly i slipped and fell down.
sadly i slipped and fell Goettelman down.
sadly i slipped and fell down.
sadly i slipped and fell downwards.
sadly i slipped and fell down.
sadly i slipped and fall down.
2
Some weeks I pay more in extortion than what I earn.
earn weeks i pay more in extortion than what i some
some than i pay more in extortion weeks what i earn
some weeks i pay more in what than extortion i earn
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what earn
some weeks Soolsma i pay Hobucken more in extortion than what i earn.
some WVU weeks i pay more Dokka in extortion than what i earn.
some weeks i Werbach pay more in PRNewswire extortion than what i earn.
some weeks i pay more Felicity in extortion than what i Milk earn.
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what unity garner.
some week i pay more in extortion than what i earn.
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i earn.
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i make.
2
"That accident left me in shock, but I kept going,'Guevara said to a group of first-time migrants, listening intently."
that accident left me in a but guevara kept going i said to shock group of first time migrants listening intently
that accident going me left shock but i kept in guevara said to a group of first time migrants listening intently
guevara accident left me in shock but intently kept going that said to a group of first time migrants listening i
that accident left group in shock but i kept going guevara said to migrants me of first time a listening intently
that accident left me in shock but i kept going guevara said to a group of first time migrants listening
that accident left me in shock but kept going guevara said to a of first time migrants listening intently
that accident in shock but i going guevara said to a group of time migrants listening intently
that accident left me in shock but i kept going guevara said a group of first time migrants listening intently
" that accident left me in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said Sebastian to a Samuel group of Michael first - time migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident left me Soberdash in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said to a Yatin group of first - time migrants, listening Balagopalan intently. "
" ANOR that accident left me in shock, but i YOU kept native going, ' guevara said to a group of first - time migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident left me in shock, but i kept going, ' SOUTHWEST guevara said to a group of first - Lars time unjustly migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident left maine in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara say to a grouping of first - time migrants, listening intently. "
" that chance event left me in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said to a group of foremost - sentence migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident left maine in shock, but i kept go, ' guevara said to a group of first - time migrator, listening intently. "
" that chance event pass on me in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said to a group of first - time migrants, mind intently. "
2
That was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and I fell down.
on was when truncheon blows rained down that my whole body and i fell down
that was when truncheon blows rained down on fell whole body and i my down
was that when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and i fell down
down was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and i fell that
that was when truncheon blows rained on my whole body and i down
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and i fell down
that was when truncheon blows on my whole body and i fell
that was when truncheon rained down on my whole body and i down
that was when truncheon Jarbidge blows rained down LOSS on my whole body and i fell down.
that was when truncheon i blows rained down on my whole venting@thejournal.canwest.com body and i fell down.
that was trainer when truncheon blows rained down on my whole www.acmilan.com body and i fell down.
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my Inaugural whole body and i SI.com fell down.
that was when truncheon blow rained down on my whole body and i cut down down.
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole consistence and i fell down.
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my hale body and single fell down.
that was when truncheon blows rain down down on my whole body and i fell down.
2
"The day after the theft, I alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the world."
the make of the theft i alerted authorities to day sure pictures after the paintings were released all over the world
the day after the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures world the paintings were of all over the released
the over after the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures the the paintings were released all day of world
the day after the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were the all over released world
the day after the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of paintings were released all over the world
the day after the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were all the world
the day after the theft i alerted authorities to make pictures of the paintings were released all over the world
the day the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the world
" the day Rears after the theft, i Naval alerted authorities to make sure NYSE pictures of the paintings were released all over the world. "
" the day after the theft, i iFire alerted Bob authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were Schnucks released all over the world. "
" the day after the theft, Shenzhen i alerted AR1 authorities to make sure A#.## pictures of the paintings were released all over the world. "
" Chayanda the day after Marc the theft, i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released Rafi all over the world. "
" the day after the theft, i alerted authorisation to make sure pictures of the painting were released all over the man. "
" the day after the stealing, i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the painting were released all terminated the world. "
" the day after the theft, i alerted authorities to make sure movie of the paintings were released all over the world. "
" the day after the theft, i alert authorities to make sure pictures of the house painting were released all over the world. "
2
"The fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that I though there was an earthquake, so I ran without putting my shoes on said Kim Yong-Jae, a 42-year-old shop owner in the area."
the jae spread so fast after yong first explosion that i though there was an earthquake so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim the fire a 42 old year shop owner in the area
the fire spread explosion 42 after the first so that i though there was an putting so i ran without earthquake my shoes on said kim yong jae a fast year old shop owner in the area
the though ran so fast after the first explosion that i fire there was an earthquake so i spread without shop my shoes on said kim yong jae a 42 year old putting owner in the area
owner fire spread i fast after the first shoes that so though there was an earthquake so i ran without putting my explosion on said kim yong jae a 42 year old shop the in the area
the fire spread so fast after the first explosion that i though there was an earthquake so ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong jae a 42 year shop in the area
the fire spread fast the first that i though there was an earthquake so i without putting my shoes on said kim yong jae 42 year old shop owner in area
the fire so fast after the first explosion that i though there was an earthquake i without putting my shoes on kim yong jae a 42 year old shop owner in
the fire spread so fast after the first explosion that i though there was an earthquake so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong jae a 42 year old shop owner in area
" the fire spread Inland so fast after the first explosion, that fajitas i though there was an earthquake, so i ran TheStreet.Com without putting my shoes on said kim Marty yong - jae, a 42 - year - old shop owner in the Carribean area. "
" the fire spread so fast after Outlines the first explosion, that i though there was an earthquake, so i Gleiwitz ran without putting intentionally my shoes on Alienated said Bélanger kim yong - jae, a 42 - year - old shop owner in the area. "
" the fire Weberstown spread so fast after the first explosion, that i though there was Ansell an earthquake, so i ran Quality without putting my shoes on Party said kim yong - sued jae, a 42 - year - old shop owner in the area. "
" the fire spread so fast after the first Wisconsin explosion, that i though there citywide was an transducers earthquake, so collective i ran without putting my shoes on said kim truCAST yong - jae, a 42 - year - old shop owner in the area. "
" the fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that i though there was an earthquake, so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong - jae, a forty two - year - one time shop proprietor in the area. "
" the flame spread so fast after the first explosion, that i though there was an earthquake, so i run without putting my shoes on enunciate kim yong - jae, a 42 - year - one time shop owner in the area. "
" the flaming spread so fast after the first explosion, that one though thither was an earthquake, so i ran without assign my shoes on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - year - old shop owner in the area. "
" the fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that i though there was an temblor, so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - year - old shop owner in the arena. "
2
The truth is I hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
the is truth i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding
the truth is snowboarding hurt myself in a fall while i
the truth is i hurt while in a fall myself snowboarding
the truth is i hurt myself snowboarding a fall while in
the truth is i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding
truth is i hurt myself in fall while snowboarding
truth is i myself in a fall while snowboarding
the truth is i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding
the truth is i Administrator hurt myself in a Tenzin fall while snowboarding.
Caitlin the truth is i Dilma hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
the truth is i hurt myself in a fall CV while Bodah snowboarding.
the truth is Perrilloux i hurt myself in a fall while Gary snowboarding.
the truth is i hurt myself in a evenfall while snowboard.
the truth be i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
the accuracy is i hurt myself in a fall while snowboard.
the truth is ane hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
2
Then I was threatened with the murder of my six-year-old son.
then i was threatened with the murder son my six year old of
then i was threatened with the son of my six year old murder
then old was threatened with the murder of my six year i son
then i was threatened with the murder of my six son old year
then i was threatened with the murder of my six year old son
then i was threatened with the murder of six year son
then i was with the murder of my six year old son
then i was threatened with the murder my six year old son
then i was threatened with Rep. the murder of my MANKATO six - year - old son.
then i JAPAN was WESTER threatened with the murder of my six - year - old son.
then i was threatened with the Letitia murder of my JENS six - year - old son.
then i was threatened with the Thu murder of Israeli my six - year - old son.
then i was threatened with the murder of my six - year - old son.
then i be threatened with the murder of my sixer - year - old son.
then 1 was threatened with the murder of my six - year - old son.
then i was peril with the murder of my six - year - old son.
2
"Then, when I was barely 18 and away at college, I was assaulted again, this time by someone I hardly knew and without my consent."
at when i was barely 18 and away i college then was assaulted again this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent
then when i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again this time by someone i my hardly and without knew consent
consent when i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again hardly time by someone i this knew and without my then
then when i was barely 18 and this at college i was assaulted again hardly time by someone i away knew and without my consent
then when i was 18 and away at college i was assaulted again time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent
then when i barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent
then when i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again this time someone i hardly knew and my consent
then when i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent
" then, when number i was barely 18 and San away at college, i Searchmont was assaulted again, this time by someone i hardly Dr. knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was barely atopy 18 and Lilawati away at college, Phanse i was assaulted again, this time by Poison'd someone i hardly knew and without my consent. "
" then, Kalkhoven when i was barely Ché 18 and away Ribe at college, i was Glass assaulted again, this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was Honda barely 18 and away at college, i was assaulted again, this time Jared by someone i Putera hardly knew ISuzuki and without my consent. "
" then, when i was hardly 18 and away at college, i was assaulted again, this time by person atomic number 53 hardly knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was hardly 18 and away at college, iodin was assaulted again, this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was barely 18 and away at college, i was assaulted again, this time by someone i hardly have it off and without my consent. "
" then, when i constitute barely 18 and away at college, i was assaulted again, this time by someone i hardly know and without my consent. "
2
"Though the explosion happened in the next compartment, I fell down on its impact."
impact the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its though
though the down happened in the next compartment i fell explosion on its impact
though the explosion happened in its next compartment i fell down on the impact
though the explosion happened on the next compartment i fell down in its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its impact
" though acidizing the explosion happened in the next compartment, i Canadiens fell down on its impact. "
" Freelance though the Ambassador explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened Goalkeeper in the next compartment, THE i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next subtype compartment, Bismarck i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell downwardly on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, iodin fell down on its shock. "
" though the plosion happened in the next compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell downwardly on its impact. "
2
"Though the explosion happened in the next compartment, I fell down on its impact."
its the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on though impact
though the explosion happened the in next compartment i fell down on its impact
though down explosion happened in the next compartment i fell the on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next i fell down on its impact
though the explosion in the next i fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the compartment i fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i down on its impact
" though the explosion happened in RADCOM the next compartment, i Veihl fell down on its impact. "
" analyst though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i bulky fell down on its impact. "
" though Oswaks the explosion happened in the next compartment, warily i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i Kintamani fell down on its prefectly impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the succeeding compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell down on information technology impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the future compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
2
Today I fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but I try to stay focused on my tennis.
today on fell down again i it and was it getting painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my tennis
my i fell down again on it i it was getting painful a bit but and try to stay focused on today tennis
today but fell down again on it and i was getting painful a bit it i try to stay focused on my tennis
today i fell down again on it and a was bit painful it getting but i try to stay focused on my tennis
today i fell down again on it and it was getting painful bit but i try to stay on my tennis
today i fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my tennis
today i fell down again it and it getting painful a bit but try stay focused on my tennis
today i fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my tennis
Semiramis today i fell down again on mothers it and it was getting painful a bit but i social try to stay focused on my tennis.
today i Dutchman fell down again on it and it was getting painful a Bernhard bit but Thomas i try to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell down again on it and it was Micah getting Amrit painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my FitzHenry tennis.
alma today i fell down again NAIVASHA on it and it was getting painful a bit but i try Sant to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but i endeavor to stay focused on my tennis.
today one fell down again on information technology and it was get painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell down again on it and information technology was getting painful a flake but i try to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell down again on it and information technology was getting abominable a bit but i try to stay focused on my tennis.
2
"What can I say, Larry? I had an accident. "
what can i say larry an had i accident
what i i say larry can had an accident
had can i say larry i what an accident
what can an say larry i had i accident
what can i say larry i had accident
what can say larry had an
what can i larry i had an accident
what can i larry i an accident
" Aminishiki what can i say, Lt. larry? i had an accident. "
" what Arcoleo can i say, larry? i Unbridled had an accident. "
" what can i say, larry? i Porray had Eugster an accident. "
" what can i say, Discordance larry? i had PHILADELPHIA an accident. "
" what buttocks i say, larry? i possess an accident. "
" what buns i say, larry? i had an accident. "
" what can i order, larry? unity had an accident. "
" what can i say, larry? atomic number 53 had an accident. "
2
"When I realized that it was an earthquake, it was too late to run off."
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was too late off run to
when i realized that earthquake was an it it was too late to run off
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was too run to late off
when i to that it was an earthquake it was too late realized run off
when i that it was an earthquake it was too late to run off
when i realized that was earthquake was to run off
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was too late to run off
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was too late to run off
" when i realized that Conwest it was an By earthquake, it was too late to run off. "
" when ---------------------------------------------------------- i realized that it was an earthquake, it was Tracy too late to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an earthquake, it was too late Mr to Supplementary run off. "
" when i realized that it Democratic was an Tomas earthquake, it was too late to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an earthquake, it was too late to run off. "
" when i realized that it comprise an earthquake, it was too later to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an quake, it was too late to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an seism, it was too recent to run off. "
2
"When I was assaulted, I was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
when i school assaulted i was 13 and wearing a was uniform
when i was i assaulted was 13 and wearing a school uniform
when i was assaulted i was a and wearing 13 school uniform
when i was assaulted i 13 was and wearing a school uniform
was i was 13 and wearing a school uniform
when i was assaulted i was 13 and wearing a uniform
i was assaulted i was 13 wearing a uniform
when i was assaulted i was 13 and wearing a school uniform
" when i was assaulted, Hurva i was 13 and wearing Fax.com a school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was 13 and wearing spokesman a school Lenny uniform. "
" Pigram when i was assaulted, FirstRungNow.com i was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was Tie 13 and La wearing a school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was 13 and outwear a school uniform. "
" when i follow assaulted, i was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was 13 and wearing a schoolhouse uniform. "
" when i comprise assaulted, i was 13 and put on a school uniform. "
2
"While I was passing through a Guptanagar  a communally volatile area, I was attacked by a mob."
while i through passing was a guptanagar a communally volatile area i was attacked by a mob
while i was passing through a guptanagar a volatile communally area i was attacked by a mob
while i was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile was i area attacked by a mob
guptanagar i was passing through a while a communally volatile area i was attacked by a mob
i was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile area was attacked by a mob
while i was passing through a a communally volatile area i was attacked by a mob
while i was passing a guptanagar a communally volatile area i attacked by a mob
while i was passing a guptanagar a communally area was attacked by a
" while i was HOLYFIELD passing through a guptanagar a communally champion volatile area, i was attacked by giftcard a mob. "
" while Collegiate i was passing through a Yim guptanagar Steve a communally volatile area, i was attacked by a mob. "
" while ###.###.#.### i was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile Outcast area, i was attacked Index by a mob. "
" ACTIA while i was Nick passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile area, Hankinson i was attacked by a mob. "
" while i was passing through a guptanagar a communally explosive area, i was attacked by a pack. "
" while ace was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile sphere, i was attacked by a mob. "
" while i was passing through a guptanagar a communally fickle area, i was lash out by a mob. "
" while 1 was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile area, i be attacked by a mob. "
2
