"All we do is go to banquets all the time says Russell Smith, one of 'Juno's'producers."
all we go is do to banquets all the time says russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do is go to banquets all says russell smith of junosproducers
" scrawling all we do Linebacker is go to banquets all the time says russell smith, one Euxton of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we get along comprise go to banquets all the time says russell smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
0
Choosing to undergo open heart surgery when I never felt sick was the hardest decision I've ever made Schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo never heart surgery when i open felt sick was the hardest ive decision ever made schwarzenegger said
choosing to undergo surgery when i never felt was the hardest decision ive ever made schwarzenegger
Dr. choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision i ' ve ever made Sophia schwarzenegger Mario said.
choosing to undergo open substance surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision iodin ' ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
2
"Either we're going to have a big barbecue or we're going to be OK said Dick Albrecht, a former CBS-TV producer who moved to Jackson Hole from Los Angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes."
either the going to have a ok barbecue or were going to be big said dick albrecht a former cbs tv producer who moved in jackson hole from los angeles to were 1970s and now designs homes
either were going to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok said dick albrecht a former cbs producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and now
" heat either we ' re going to have a Amazonian big barbecue or we ' re going to be NVIDIA ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who moved to jackson hole from los hander angeles CNFR in the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' re hold out to throw a bad barbecue or we ' re going to be ok said dick albrecht, a early cbs - tv producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and directly designs homes. "
1
"For health reasons, I need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before I can meet with everyone Wei said in a statement."
for health reasons i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and a can a few days before i for meet with everyone wei said in rest statement
for health reasons i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before can meet with everyone wei said in a
" for health reasons, i need to Wormser undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for INTEREST a few ARL days before i can Danielle meet with everyone wei said in a statement. "
" for health reasons, i call for to undergo medical tests and discourse and rest for a few days before i can meet with everyone wei dynasty said in a statement. "
2
"I am going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference."
he am going to be at the concert here and in one other location information which you will have to learn more about later i told a news conference
i am going to be at the concert here and in other location about which you will have to learn more told a news conference
" i Heated am banana going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about Ranallo which you will genericization have to learn more information later he told a news conference. "
" atomic number 53 am going to equal at the concert here, and in one early location about which you will have to learn more information later he tell a news conference. "
1
"I am really excited about the concert, but I care more about the music to be honest said Rachel Davis, 26, a civil servant from North Wales who traveled to London the previous night with her boyfriend."
i with really excited about the 26 but i care more about the music said be honest to rachel davis concert a civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous night am her boyfriend
i really excited about the concert but i care about the music to be honest said rachel davis civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend
" i am CH2M really excited about the concert, but i Rep. care more Brasner about the music to be honest AGF said rachel davis, 26, a civil servant from north NanoGaming wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excited about the concert, but i care more about the music to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil servant from north wales world health organization traveled to london the previous nighttime with her boyfriend. "
0
"I had heard him, of course Talamon admits ""but the first time I saw Bob in concert, it wasn 'Oh, expletive, what have we got here!'"""
i had heard him of course what admits but the first time i saw bob in concert it wasn oh expletive talamon have we got here
i heard him of course talamon admits but the first time saw in concert it wasn oh expletive what have we got here
" i had heard him, of multiracial course talamon admits " " but the first time i saw bob Texel in concert, it wasn ' bitterly oh, expletive, what have we got PowerRating here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course of instruction talamon admits " " only the first time i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what have we got hither! ' " " "
0
I had just gone to a concert with my parents and I identified with the conductor a lot Dudamel said in Spanish during a recent interview in Caracas.
a had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified a the conductor i lot dudamel said in spanish during with recent interview in caracas
i had just gone to a concert with my parents i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in
i had just Randgold gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor Growthink a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview Univention in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parent and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a late interview in caracas.
0
"I read a little article in my local newspaper in Adelaide, in south Australia: and I went to see his concert he recalls."
i read a little article in my and newspaper in adelaide in south australia local to went i see his concert he recalls
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia and i see his concert he recalls
" i read a little article Montalbán in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south australia: and i went to C7 see his concert he WEAU recalls. "
" i read a short article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south commonwealth of australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
0
"I still haven't had chance to go to the city much, but the other day I went to a concert in Wembley and it was really nice experience she said."
i still havent had chance to go was the city much to the other day i went to a concert in but and it wembley really nice experience she said
i still havent had to go to the city much but the day went to concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said
" i Police still haven ' t had chance to go to Dali the city much, but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it COPD was really nice Spygate experience she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the metropolis very much, but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
0
"I thought I was going to have surgery, which meant here we go again said Bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead."
again thought i was going to have surgery which said here we go i meant bonilla who was fitted with a brace instead
i thought i was going to which meant here we go said bonilla who was fitted with a brace instead
" i thought i was going to Tatafu have surgery, which meant here we go Samsung again said bonilla, who was fitted with a brace Patrick instead. "
" i thought i was going to have surgical procedure, which meant here we go again tell bonilla, world health organization was fitted with a brace instead. "
1
"I want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said, in the message."
i want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said in message the
i want this dear meeting go forward in joy she said in the message
" i want Vem this dear meeting to go forward in Abu joy she said, in the message. "
" atomic number 53 want this dear meeting to conk out forward in joy she said, in the message. "
1
I want to watch some good sports he said.
i said to watch some good sports he want
i want to watch some good sports he said
i want to watch some good sports he Erich said.
i want to watch some good summercater he said.
1
"I went to every doctor's appointment says Clark, 43."
i went doctors every to appointment says clark 43
went every says clark 43
" laserlike i went ##nm to every doctor ' s appointment says clark, 43. "
" i give out to every doctor ' s appointment says clark, 43. "
2
"I went to see the doctor before my match and I was not sure I'd be able to play, so it was tough in the beginning said Cornet."
i went to in the doctor before my match and see was not sure id be able to play so it was tough i the beginning said cornet
i went to see the before my match and i was not sure id be able to play it was tough in the beginning said cornet
" Personal i went to see the womanizer doctor before my match and LAWTON i was not sure i ' d be able to play, so Paula it was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the dr. before my match and i was not sure i ' d be able to play, so it was tough in the commencement say cornet. "
2
I will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in Somalia but if the TNG maintains that it is the Somali government the meeting's outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace outcome somalia but if the tng that maintains it is the somali government the meetings he will be a disgrace in warned
i will attend the planned talks for the sake of peace in somalia but the tng maintains it is the somali government the meetings outcome will a disgrace he warned
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in diarrheal somalia but if the Trapcode tng maintains that Rajiv it is the somali outfielders government the meeting ' s outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it personify the somali government the get together ' s outcome will be a disgrace helium warned.
1
"I would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says ""and every time, dude, there was always this little wince""."
i would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us and wince says do every time dude there was always this little he
i would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like us do he says and every time dude there was always this little wince
" i would go to the movie theaters and NL watch a movie like AVCHD all Polemic of us do he says " " and every time, dude, there was Bizanga always this little wince " ". "
" i would go to the movie theaters and watch a picture show like all of us arrange he says " " and every time, dude, there was always this little flinch " ". "
1
"It's a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever I go to a big city, where cinemas still exist, I take my time and go watch one Bertalan said."
its a exist different experience to watch a movie on a big screen and now and i go to a big city where cinemas still i completely take my time whenever go watch one bertalan said
its a completely different experience to watch movie on a big screen and whenever i go to a big city where cinemas still exist i take my time and go watch one bertalan said
" it ' s a Mullaithivu completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, assessing and now, whenever i go to a big DuraMAR city, where cinemas still exist, i wife take my time Caniggia and go watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever i go to a big city, where cinemas still exist, i take my time and go watch peerless bertalan said. "
0
"I've been assured by my doctor that if I'm operated on soon, I will live the dying man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital."
ive been assured by my reporter that if im operated on man i will live the dying soon said begging a doctor to take him to a hospital
ive been assured by my doctor that if operated on i will live the dying man said begging a reporter to take him to a hospital
" i ' ve been assured by chewing my doctor that if Research i ' m operated on soon, i Malkangiri will live the dying man Joe said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my dr. that if i ' m operate on on soon, i will experience the dying man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
1
"On Dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and I had a long discussion with his mom Steward said."
on dec a we went to a wedding together and he said i had 6 long discussion with his mom steward and
on dec 6 we went to a wedding together and he and i had a long discussion with his steward said
" Deve on dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i had Bow a long discussion with his mom steward Nisreen said. "
" on dec. sixer we went to a wedding together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said. "
0
"Right after these concert dates I go in and have my right hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery."
right after these referring dates concert go in and have my right hip done he says i to replacement surgery
right after these concert dates i go in have my right hip done he says referring to replacement surgery
" right after these concert dates i go in and have Lens my Mutala right hip done he says, referring to Palys replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in and have my ripe hip done he says, referring to replacement operating theatre. "
1
Sometimes we go get barbecue together Bolyer said.
sometimes we go get barbecue bolyer together said
sometimes we go get barbecue bolyer said
sometimes we go get probiotic barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go catch barbecue together bolyer said.
0
That we'll go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says.
that well go see these movies is specific indicative of anything not he says
that well go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says
that we ' ll go see VICAM these movies is told not indicative of anything specific he says.
that we ' ll go attend these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says.
1
"That's why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it's to be taken away and to escape for a while she said."
and movies we go pay our bucks for the why its to be taken away thats to escape for a while she said
thats why we go pay our bucks for the movies its to be taken away to escape for a while said
" that ' s why Tema we go pay our bucks for the movies, it ' s to be taken seizing away Big and writer to escape for a while she said. "
" that ' s why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it ' s to be taken away and to escape for a while she said. "
0
"The dream he said, is ""that we'd be able to go to any movie, any time and understand it."""
the dream he said is that wed be able to go to it movie any time and understand any
the dream he said is that wed be able go to any movie any time and understand it
" the confidently dream he said, WHITBY is " " that customizable we ' d be able to go to any movie, any time and understand it. " " "
" the dream he say, is " " that we ' d be able to go to any movie, any sentence and understand information technology. " " "
1
"Today, I postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony Wu said, adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers."
ceremony i postponed my session until the afternoon in order cake attend today presentation this wu said adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon to bakers
today i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend presentation ceremony wu said adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation Potkin ceremony wu said, adding that she hopes her Dushanbe presence will help boost the morale of all disabled Bengali moon Symmetry cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to assist this presentation ceremony wu said, adding that she desire her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moonlight cake bakers. "
0
Tomorrow I will be going to her concert Mandela said Wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to mandela concert her said wednesday
tomorrow i will be going to her mandela wednesday
tomorrow i Melessa will be going to her concert mandela said LimeWire wednesday.
tomorrow one will be going to her concert mandela aver wednesday.
1
"Two weeks ago I was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20,000 dollars to help tsunami victims Brumby said."
two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two raised and they to 20 000 dollars clubs help tsunami victims brumby said
two weeks i was at a friendly match between two and they raised 20 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said
" two weeks ago i was Majoritarian at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20, WHARNSBY 000 dollars to help tsunami victims CHCG brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i be at a friendly match between two club and they raised 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby sound out. "
0
"When Arnold Palmer and Nancy Lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago Lester says ""I remember the most amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half-mile a kilomter long."""
a arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing the match here a couple of years ago lester kilomter i remember the most amazing sight when string of golf cars backed up down a path toward a golf course that half mile a says long
when arnold and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of ago lester i remember the most amazing string golf cars down the path toward that golf course a half mile kilomter long
" when arnold Joshua palmer and Alan nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago lester says " " i remember the most amazing IUE sight: a string of golf Barrett cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, Juan a Disability half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of yr ago lester says " " i remember the most amazing pot: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf game course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
0
"While none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways I feel like I was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly I am thankful for the perspective it has afforded Sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for Sunday newspapers."
while none of am has the chance to attend our own funeral in and ways i feel like i was at my own has the past weeks many surprisingly i us thankful for it perspective the in afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
while none of us the chance to attend our own funeral in many ways i feel like i was at in the past weeks surprisingly i am thankful for the it afforded in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
" while Kulia none of creator us has NASA the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like visit i was at my own in the past weeks, Ehling and Konary surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the preceding weeks, and amazingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspaper. "
2
"A couple of months ago, I went to a concert in the new Damascus opera house."
a couple of months ago i damascus to a concert in the new went opera house
a couple of months ago i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house
" a couple of months ago, i receptacle went to a concert in the Photo new damascus opera house. "
" a couple of months ago, i went to a concert in the newfangled damascus opera house. "
0
"A few months ago, my wife and I sat around my computer's 17-inch monitor while we watched a DVD of the movie ""The Matrix""."
a few months ago my wife and i sat around my inch 17 while monitor computers we watched a dvd of the movie the matrix
a few months ago my and i around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched a dvd of the the matrix
" a few months ago, K my wife and i EOBR sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor System while we watched a dvd 3L of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my computer ' s xvii - inch monitor while we watched a dvd of the movie " " the matrix " ". "
0
"A few weeks later, I attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th Avenue Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama."
killed few weeks later i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were the in avenue racial bombing of the 6th a baptist church in birmingham alabama
a few weeks later i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in
" a few weeks later, i attended the Gramberg funeral of Cutera three of risked the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the Negotiators 6th avenue baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few workweek later, one attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombardment of the sixth avenue baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
2
A lot of movies I went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see were fun entertaining watch and totally to and escapist
a lot of movies i went were fun to watch totally entertaining and escapist
a lot of movies i went to see were Overtreatment fun to AGY watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see be fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
0
"A lot of people might start to realize that and say, ""Well, maybe we don't want to go see that movie tonight."""
that lot of people might start to movie that and say well maybe we dont want to go see a realize tonight
a lot of people might start to realize that and say well maybe we dont want to go see that movie tonight
" Optimix a lot of people might start to realize that and say, " " well, maybe HVB we don ' t want Scheaffer to go see that movie Jonathan tonight. " " "
" a lot of people might start to realize that and say, " " well, maybe we don ' thyroxine want to die see that movie tonight. " " "
1
After dinner we piled into a van bound for Sils Maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into our van bound for sils maria and got lost on the way a to evening concert
dinner we piled into a bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost Challah on Crosland the Harikesh way to our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got misplace on the way to our evening concert.
2
"After I got to her home, I sat down to watch some movies I rented."
after i got to her home i sat down to watch some movies i rented
after i got to her home i sat down to watch some movies i rented
" after i got to her home, i Jimmy sat down to watch some GeneNews movies i rented. "
" after i got to her home, i sat downwards to watch some movies i hire. "
0
"After that we'd go back to the Westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from Stuttgart."
after for wed go back to the westerkerk that a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting organist stuttgart
" after that bendhomes.com we ' d go back to Kimiko the Anticounterfeiting westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d go back to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
0
"After the concert, we were so wide awake we didn't want to go back to the house yet."
concert the after we were so wide awake we didnt want to go back to the house yet
after the concert we were so wide awake we didnt want to go back to the yet
" after the concert, we were so Benign wide awake we didn ' t want Biovail to go back to the Earnings house yet. "
" after the concert, we were so wide awake we didn ' t require to go back to the house yet. "
0
"After watching 'The Breakfast Club' with me on cable for the millionth time when I was a chubby 13-year-old, my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen-angst movie of her generation:'Rebel Without a Cause.'"
the watching the breakfast club with me was cable for the generation time when i chubby a on 13 year old my mom suggested that we go to after video store and rent the teen angst movie of her millionth rebel without a cause
after watching breakfast club with me on cable the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 year old my mom suggested that we go to the store and rent the teen angst movie of her generation rebel without a cause
" after watching ' the breakfast columbite club ' eyeOS with ###-# me on cable for the millionth WorldComs time when i was a chubby 13 - year - old, my mom suggested that we go to the Baroness video store and rent the oily teen - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after ascertain ' the breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth fourth dimension when iodine was a chubby 13 - twelvemonth - old, my mom intimate that we go to the video store and rent the teen - angst movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
0
"Afterward Johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during the presentation ceremony ""we're gonna have some fun tonight, I promise you guys."""
afterward johansson saying their contribution acknowledged during the presentation gonna were ceremony have some fun tonight i promise you guys
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying during the presentation were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you guys
" afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during the presentation LatentZero ceremony " " Hound we ' re gonna Pulmonary have some fun tonight, i promise you tinged guys. " " "
" later on johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna experience some fun tonight, i promise you jest at. " " "
1
"Alarmed and anxious to get out of there, I suggested we go see a movie."
alarmed and get to anxious out of there i suggested we go see a movie
alarmed and anxious to get out of there i suggested we go see a movie
" alarmed and Verilog anxious Pelted to get out of there, i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get out of on that point, i intimate we go see a movie. "
1
And we could go to a movie!
and to could go we a movie
and we could go to a movie
and we could go Kalamna to a movie!
and we could go to a movie!
1
And we lost Willie's Texas Stadium Farm Aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to Illinois.
and we lost willies texas stadium farm aid when concert it ticket sales caused ailing to be moved to illinois
and we willies texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused to be moved to illinois
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm Sharon aid concert when ailing pitcher ticket ORCI sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused information technology to be moved to illinois.
2
And we went to the Alabama concert in Spokane and stayed overnight there.
and in went to the alabama concert we spokane and stayed overnight there
and we went to concert in and stayed overnight there
and we original went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight controls there.
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight there.
0
"Anyway, we got back from vacation and went to see this British horror movie called 'The Descent' about a group of women who like adventure sports."
see we got back from vacation and went to anyway horror british this movie called the descent about a group of women who like adventure sports
anyway we back from vacation and went this british horror movie descent about a group of women who like adventure sports
" anyway, we got back from vacation and went to see this Referee british horror movie called ' the descent ' 2BR about commentator a group Rina of women who like adventure sports. "
" anyhow, we get back from vacation and went to see this british horror picture called ' the descent ' about a group of women who like adventure sports. "
0
"Anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones, the movie finally started."
anyway we got to our theater the after and obligatory 27 previews commercials the the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones for movie finally started
anyway we got to our theater and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for the concession and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones the movie finally started
" anyway, we got to our theater and, Costume after the obligatory 27 previews, http://www.commscope.com commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders Actress to silence all cell phones, the Francisco movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory xxvii trailer, commercials for the concession stands and aristocratical reminders to silence all cell phones, the flick finally started. "
0
"Apparently the way it works is, first we go see a movie she wants to see."
apparently the way go works is first we it see a movie she wants to see
apparently the way it works is we go see a movie she wants to see
" Slavov apparently the way it works is, first we go see a movie opposite she wants to see. "
" apparently the way information technology works is, first we go see a movie she wants to catch. "
2
"As Johnson told civil rights leader Whitney M. Young Jr. on Nov. 24, 1963, ""I got to get this funeral behind me."""
as johnson told civil rights leader to m young jr on nov 24 funeral i got whitney get this 1963 behind me
as johnson told civil rights leader whitney m young jr on nov 1963 i got to get this funeral behind me
" as johnson told civil Abdel rights J. leader whitney m. young dubbed jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got tantalizes to get this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson told civil rightfulness leader whitney m. immature jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
2
"As kids, we would go to the ballet, the theater, and French restaurants."
would kids we as go to the ballet the theater and french restaurants
as kids we would to ballet and french restaurants
" as kids, we would summitry go radical to the ballet, the theater, and french restaurants. "
" as kids, we would go to the ballet, the field of operations, and french restaurants. "
1
"As to her conversation with the first lady, Thomases said ""I think I told her I didn't believe I'd be able to go to Little Rock for Vince's funeral."""
i with her conversation to the first lady thomases said i think as told her i didnt believe id be able to go to little rock for vinces funeral
as to her conversation with the first lady thomases said i think i told her i didnt believe id be able go to little rock for vinces funeral
" as to her conversation Mandoki with the first lady, thomases Josh said " " i think i told her Denise i didn ' Nokia t believe i ' d be able to go Uridashi to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the first noblewoman, thomases said " " i call back i told her i didn ' t believe i ' d be capable to travel to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
1
"At the Edwards Aliso Viejo Stadium 20, Baugh and I got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3:30 p.m. show."
at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i 30 huge sodas and got of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the buckets 3 p m show
at edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i huge sodas and buckets of and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3 30 p m show
" at instant the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge Hinchinbrook sodas and Umezawa buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few Environmentalists remaining seats at the 3: 30 p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got brobdingnagian sodas and pail of zea mays everta and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3: 30 p. m. show. "
0
"At the end of May, I traveled to Moscow for Dmitry's funeral."
at the end of may i traveled to dmitrys for moscow funeral
at the end i traveled to moscow for dmitrys funeral
" at the end of may, i traveled Plaid to moscow Lindsey for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
2
"Basically, we'd go to the mall, to a movie."
to wed go to the mall basically a movie
basically wed to the mall to a movie
" basically, Reltel we ' d go to the mall, Karachi to a movie. "
" basically, we ' d live to the mall, to a movie. "
1
"Being a preacher's kid in eastern Virginia, we always went to church on Sunday nights, and the movie always came on on Sunday night."
being a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went always church on sunday nights and the movie on came on to sunday night
a preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights and the movie always came on on sunday night
" being Deepak a preacher ' DINOSAUR s kid in eastern virginia, we always went to suspensive church www.dep.state.fl.us on sunday nights, and the movie always came on on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' entropy kid in easterly virginia, we always went to church on sunday nights, and the movie always came on on sunday night. "
0
But I could not attend her funeral.
but i could her attend not funeral
but i could not attend her funeral
but i could not CRIME attend her funeral.
simply i could not attend her funeral.
2
"But I have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so I'm back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, Stade Francais."
but possible have to surgeon the francais of my follow and quickly undergo surgery so im back on my feet as soon as i to play for my club stade advice
i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so im back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
" but Berkmar i have Barta to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so i ' m Region back on my feet as USAR soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" simply i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery and then i ' one thousand back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
1
But I think it will probably start to sink in when I go to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but in i it will probably start to sink think when i go to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start to sink in when i go to his and go to the funeral she the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start to sink in when i go to see genito his body and HiCommand go Milkman to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think it will belike start to fall off in when i go to figure his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
1
"But we do not disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of the Rendezvous and much of the Deep South."
but we do not disdain is pork barbecue which good the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep south
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue which the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the south
" OXFORD but we do not disdain good pork barbecue, which asparagine is the speciality of the rendezvous and hydroponic much of the deep south. "
" but we do not disdain practiced pork barrel barbecue, which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep south. "
1
But we might not know that because we don't go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
much we might not dont that because we know go to the parades and cemetery services as but as we once did
but we might not know that because we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as much as once did
Nato but we might not know that because we don ' t go to the parades and Espinar cemetery services as much Fen as we once did.
but we might not know that because we don ' t lead to the parades and cemetery services as much as we formerly did.
1
But we'd like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version.
version wed like to go to the movie and see the 30 million but
but wed like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version
but ripe we ' d like to go to the movie and see the 30 million Mahila version.
but we ' d like to move to the movie and come across the 30 million version.
1
"But we're going out tomorrow night, and we're all atwitter about what movie we're going to see."
but were going out tomorrow night going were all atwitter about what movie were and to see
were going out tomorrow and were all atwitter about movie going to see
" but we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about USAction what information movie we ' Pi re going to see. "
" but we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re go to see. "
1
"Combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o'clock movie at the gorgeous 1,000-seat Avalon, an Art Deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 Casino."
combining research and diversion we vintage to catch a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous 1 000 seat avalon an art deco movie palace 1929 the decided underneath casino
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a oclock movie at the gorgeous 1 000 avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
" combining research and diversion, we decided Eds to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous FIA 1, Beatris 000 - Floch seat avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - butt avalon, an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
0
"Deflated, we moved on to plan B: A Sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75-100 of our nearest and dearest."
deflated with moved on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch we 75 100 and our nearest of dearest
deflated we moved on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 100 of nearest and dearest
" deflated, we Soggs moved on to plan b: a sunday morning Otepaa ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of Blatherskite our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we travel on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of our cheeseparing and dearest. "
0
"Despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers ""I attended Randy's funeral to demonstrate San Francisco's sorrow"" Jordan says, adding, ""I'm open and receptive""."
despite criticism from san preachers i franciscos randys funeral to demonstrate fundamentalist attended sorrow jordan says adding im open and receptive
despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers i attended randys funeral demonstrate san franciscos sorrow jordan says adding im open and receptive
" despite http://www.realsmokefree.com criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i Brownie attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' s sorrow " " jordan says, myocardial adding, " " McEver i ' m open and receptive " ". "
" despite literary criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " single attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' s sorrow " " jordan read, bring, " " i ' m open and receptive " ". "
2
Did I mention I had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later?
did i mention for had a dentist appointment scheduled i two days later
did i had a dentist appointment scheduled for days later
Verizon did i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled Prof. for two days later?
did i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two day later?
2
"Down we go to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain."
down we go to the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs curtain a matching cream movie and
down go to the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs a matching cream movie curtain
" down we Homayoun go to the theater, #.Nc# with two rows of Sample plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain. "
" mastered we go to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain. "
0
"First we've had the carnival, then the Rolling Stones concert, and now the World Cup: sales have been good up to now."
first weve had now carnival then sales rolling stones concert and now the world cup the have been good up to the
first weve the carnival then rolling stones concert and now the world cup sales have been good to now
" Antitrust first we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling Roundhouse stones concert, and now the world cup: sales Hantz have been good up to now. "
" firstly we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and now the world cupful: sale have been good up to now. "
0
"From 7 years, I started to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick."
autographs 7 years i started to go to concerts preparing from and collecting the scores the for concert during the week and of course dreaming that the conductor would be sick
from 7 years i to to concerts autographs preparing scores for the concert during the week and of course dreaming that the conductor sick
" from 7 BY years, i started to go to concerts, collecting prehistoric autographs Larami and preparing the scores for the concert during the arjun week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i originate to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
0
"Given the many time zones between us, we'll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in Sydney has gone home."
be the many time zones between us well still given watching the gone ceremony after everyone in sydney has closing home
given the many time zones between well still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home
" given strimmer the many Princess time winding zones between us, we ' ll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still be find out the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney induce gone home. "
1
"Going into the future, we're never going to get another concert from him."
going into future the were never going to get another concert from him
going into the future were never going to get concert from him
" going Dr into the future, we ' re never going to lysyl get another concert from him. "
" going into the future, we ' re ne'er going to get another concert from him. "
2
"I always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live' said Saint Petersburger Yulia Ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the Sunday evening concert with her husband Boris."
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see husband live said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya who with to attend the sunday evening concert plans her her boris
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see live said saint yulia ilyinskaya who plans to the sunday evening concert with her husband boris
" i always wanted to hear her DRAGON and most importantly see Bikini her live ' said teraFLOP saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, Ainsley who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
" i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live ' said nonesuch petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to pay heed the sunday even concert with her husband boris. "
0
"I am going to see Paul McCartney in concert tonight, so it was something I didn't want to miss."
i am going to so paul mccartney in concert tonight see it was something i didnt want to miss
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it something i didnt want to miss
" i am going to Art see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it Agustin was something i didn ' ongoing t want to miss. "
" i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it constitute something i didn ' t want to miss. "
1
I arrived at the Stadium around 8 o'clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees' entrance.
i arrived at the stadium around in oclock the sat in the bleachers 8 back of the handball court next to and employees entrance
i arrived at the stadium around oclock and sat in bleachers in back of the handball court next to the entrance
i arrived at the Sab stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat Zhang in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to Soumache the employees ' entrance.
i arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and saturday in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees ' entry.
0
I attended a meeting of new band members and their parents.
i band a meeting of new attended members and their parents
attended a meeting of new band members and their parents
i attended a meeting of new band members and global their Copenhagener parents.
i attended a meeting of modern band member and their parents.
0
I decided not to go to the concert because I was tired.
i decided not to go because the concert to i was tired
i decided not to go because i
i decided not to go temporary to the concert because i lacked was tired.
1 decided not to go to the concert because one was tired.
2
"I didn't know what to expect going into it, but what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports."
i didnt know what to expect going into it but what made it special for meeting was me the other athletes sports different countries and different from
i didnt to expect going into it but what made it special for me was the other athletes from different countries different sports
" i didn ' t know what to Raymond expect going into it, but what made it special Condominium for me was meeting the other spokeswoman athletes from different countries and Erick different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into information technology, just what made it special for me follow meeting the other athletes from different countries and dissimilar sports. "
0
I felt very moved at the beginning of the concert.
i felt very the at the beginning of moved concert
i felt very at the beginning of the concert
NI i felt very moved at the beginning of lawyer the concert.
i felt real moved at the get go of the concert.
0
"I finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10,000 dollars."
i went finally for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10 000 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has far cost 10 000 dollars
" i finally went Mazoa for corrective surgery at a hospital Gary which has so sparking far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which have so far cost x, 000 dollars. "
2
I had a big surgery a couple of years ago.
i a had big surgery a couple of years ago
i had a big surgery a couple of years ago
i had a big Husqvarna surgery a couple of years Arboriculture ago.
i had a heavy surgical operation a couple of years ago.
2
I had gone for my final doctor's appointment on a Friday.
i had on for my final doctors appointment gone a friday
i gone for my final doctors appointment on a friday
i had gone anent for my final doctor ' s Suzanne appointment on a friday.
unity had gone for my final medico ' s appointment on a friday.
0
"I had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me to Hong Kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of Shanghai, where we lived."
i had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence of the sent that had 1941 war me to hong shanghai in first when my parents feared for the safety of kong where we lived
i had to the ceremony because it was the imminence of war that had first sent me to hong kong in 1941 when parents feared for the safety of shanghai where we lived
" i had gone to the ceremony because it NYY was the imminence of the war that tree had first sent me hip to hong kong, in CONCHO 1941 VOLLEYBALL when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i had gone to the ceremony because it be the imminence of the state of war that had first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
0
"I recently returned from the U.S. Open, from a hallowed club like Oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions."
i recently returned from the u s the collared a hallowed club like oakmont that the constructed near was turn of open century and where golfers wear only slacks and a from shirt even in broiling conditions
i recently returned from the u open from a hallowed club like oakmont that was near the the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions
" i recently returned from the wife u. s. open, from a Jereme hallowed club like oakmont that was MELBOURNE constructed Bad near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only prime slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. open, from a bless club like oakmont that be constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slack and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
0
"I recently traveled to Afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with U.S. soldiers from the 2-4 Infantry and interviewing senior American military officers."
i recently traveled senior afghanistan for three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u s soldiers the from 2 4 infantry and interviewing to american military officers
i recently to afghanistan for three weeks meeting government officials embedding with s soldiers from the 2 4 infantry interviewing senior officers
" i recently traveled to Ebison afghanistan for three weeks, meeting owns with government FDA officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military Rabeau officers. "
" i latterly traveled to afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. sulphur. soldiers from the 2 - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers. "
0
I remember going to the concert with my father.
concert remember going to the i with my father
i remember to the concert with my father
i remember going to the concert INFLUENCE with my father.
i remember blend in to the concert with my father.
0
I remember seeing Liza Minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing I could go dance with her.
i remember wishing liza and in concert and sitting on the steps minnelli seeing i could go dance with her
i remember seeing in concert sitting on the steps and wishing i could go dance her
i Sharon remember seeing Quinebaug liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing i could go dance lawyer with her.
i remember seeing mugil liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing i could locomote dance with her.
0
"I remember that the funeral services for the Ugas at Sanford Stadium were once private, but by the time we got to Uga V, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans."
i remember that the our services for plans to at sanford stadium were once private but by the time we got ugas uga v funeral mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our the
i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but by the time we got to v our mascot had become so famous we had to publicly announce plans
" i remember that the funeral services for the Maramec ugas at sanford stadium were STARLIMS once private, but W by the time we ---------------------------------------------------------- got to uga v, slaw our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral service for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by the time we got to uga fin, our mascot have become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
2
"I sat there thinking ""At least we're going to see a ballet by Twyla Tharp to compensate for this horror."""
i sat there thinking at least were for to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate this going horror
i sat there thinking at were going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to for this
" i sat there thinking " " at least we ' re going Murugun to see a unclear ballet by twyla tharp ZipRealty to compensate for this horror. " " "
" i sat there thinking " " at least we ' re fail to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this horror. " " "
1
"I think once that ball is kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony."
i think we that ball is kicked off once to going are have to forget about the heat and the ceremony
i think once that ball is kicked off we are going to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony
" i think once that ball Agronomy is kicked off, we are reflexively going to have to forget about the heat and the Kololo ceremony. "
" i think once that ball is kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat and the observance. "
1
"I took them to 'The Fast and the Furious' Walker recalls, ""and both of them were like,'Dude, we thought it was going to be some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope.'"""
i took we to the fast dude and furious walker recalls and both of them were like and them thought it was going to be some dumb car movie the that was pretty dope
i took to the fast and the furious walker recalls and both them like dude we thought it going to be some dumb car movie and that was pretty dope
" i took them to ' the amateur fast and Anakpawis the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it was going WEITZ to be some dumb ColoSpace car movie, degr and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i took them to ' the fasting and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it was going to be some dense car movie, and that be pretty dope. ' " " "
0
"I took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at Covent Garden, and to the furniture section of the Victoria and Albert Museum."
the took to friends with me as my guinea pigs and we went three the ballet at covent garden i to and furniture section of the victoria and albert museum
took three friends with me as guinea pigs and we went to the ballet at covent garden and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert
" Lydia i Schorle took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we Van went ANCHORAGE to the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
" i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to the piece of furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
0
I 've finally decided that watching soccer is cool.
ve i finally decided that watching soccer is cool
i ve finally decided watching soccer is cool
i ' Undersea ve finally decided that Andhra watching soccer is cool.
iodine ' ve finally decided that watching soccer is coolheaded.
0
I visited my doctor.
i doctor my visited
i visited my doctor
i Winston visited my doctor.
single visited my doctor.
2
I was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
i was at with concert so a bunch of friends and we were being this goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances
i was at this concert with a bunch Paul of friends and we were being so goofy HCPL and Trudge doing the swim and other silly dances.
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other cockamamie saltation.
0
I was recently hospitalized with a life-threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with threatening life a illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life - threatening illness that Toni it took doctors several days to accurately ME diagnose.
i be recently hospitalized with a life - threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
2
"I was supposed to sing 'Amazing Grace' at my real  grandmother's funeral and I never got to, because I knew I was going to cry and I couldn't sing."
i was supposed i sing amazing grace at my real grandmothers funeral and to never got to because i knew i was going couldnt cry and i to sing
i was supposed to sing grace at my real grandmothers funeral i never got to because i knew i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
" i was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real gonner grandmother ' s funeral and i never got Aileen to, because i knew i was Jeff going to cry and i Thale couldn ' t sing. "
" iodine was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, because i fuck i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
2
I wasn't interested in a movie about dentistry.
i wasnt interested in about movie a dentistry
i wasnt interested in a movie about dentistry
XXX i wasn ' t interested Kannada in a movie about dentistry.
1 wasn ' t interested in a movie about dentistry.
2
"I went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer's funeral."
i went there as an infantry officer said uniform stocky father of two dressed in a military the having just returned from full police officers funeral
i went there as an infantry officer said the father of two dressed in full military having just returned from a police funeral
" i went Grandmaster there as an congressional infantry officer said the stocky father of two, Perrysville dressed Quebecoise in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer ' s funeral. "
" single went there as an infantry officer said the stocky sire of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer ' s funeral. "
2
I went to ballet classes and took French lessons and etiquette classes.
i and to ballet classes went took french lessons and etiquette classes
went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and HE took french Stuart lessons and etiquette classes.
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
0
I went to see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to see the doctor assured week and he last me the problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor last week and he me problem is muscular
i went to Manoj see the Tadese doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i run to see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is brawny.
2
"I went to the ballet, and I went to the opera, and I went to all the art exhibitions."
went i to the ballet and i went to the opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
i to the and i went to the opera and i went all the art exhibitions
" i impromptu went to the ballet, and Du i went to the opera, and i went Rajpura to all the art exhibitions. "
" i went to the ballet, and i go to the opera, and i blend to all the art exhibitions. "
0
I went to the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
hospital went to the i and had the surgery at 8
i went to the hospital and the surgery at
Eti i went to the hospital drayage and had the surgery at 8.
i went to the hospital and had the operating theatre at octet.
2
"I went to watch Chelsea in the Champions League a couple of times and on one occasion in particular, I looked at Oliver Kahn doing his warmup and thought: ""I used to be doing that."""
i went to watch thought in the champions league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular i his at oliver kahn doing chelsea warmup and looked i used to be doing that
went to watch chelsea in champions league a couple of times and on one occasion in i looked at kahn doing his warmup thought i used to be doing that
" i went to watch chelsea in the champions league a couple of times and on one occasion in Tracy particular, i offered looked at oliver Picture kahn doing his warmup and Colton thought: " " i used to Telident be doing that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the hero league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular, i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i used to be doing that. " " "
0
"I went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! Then I went home to watch the race  the 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game."
i went to watch the grandson play switched won his league we won went then i ours home to watch my race the 1 000 guineas at newmarket then he over for the end of the game
i to watch my grandson play he won his league we won ours then i went home to watch the race the 1 000 guineas at newmarket switched over for the end of the game
" i went to watch my grandson Kory play, he won his league, we won ours! then i went Fritzl home Boilermaker to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas Ms at newmarket, then graphic switched over for the end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! then i went home to watch the subspecies the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched all over for the close of the game. "
0
"I will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from Turkey will also be there' Gul told reporters here."
i will attend the funeral but we will determine later today who else from turkey here also gul there be told reporters will
i will attend the funeral but we will determine later today who else from will be there gul told reporters here
" i Farhan will attend the funeral, but INFLUENCE we Bardonecchia will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters here. "
" i will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today world health organization else from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters here. "
1
I will not going to watch the race Saturday.
i will not going watch to the race saturday
i will not going to watch the race saturday
i will not going STOCKBRIDGE to watch the race saturday.
i will not go to watch the race saturday.
1
"I'm generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but I was moved by each presentation and performance such as when Dave Brubeck's four sons play along during the U.S. Army Jazz Ambassadors' rendition of 'Take Five.'"
im generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony but ambassadors each such by was presentation and performance moved as when dave brubecks four sons play along during the u s army jazz i rendition of take five
im no when it comes to ritual ceremony i was moved by each presentation and performance such as dave brubecks four sons play along during u s army jazz ambassadors rendition of take five
" i ' m generally no softy when it comes Hoddesdon to ritual ceremony, but i was moved by each Sacramento presentation and performance such as Sam when Lal dave brubeck ' s four sons play along during the tularemia u. s. spotting army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" i ' mebibyte generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but single cost moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons play on during the u. s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
0
"In addition to the games we've been the Hollywood Bowl for one World Cup concert with Itzhak Perlman, and we're going again on Friday' said Franklin of the Los Angeles area city of Santa Monica."
in addition to the games los been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak friday and were going again on weve said franklin of the perlman angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to the games weve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup with itzhak perlman and were going again on said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa
" in addition to the Rhyce games we ' ve been the hollywood Geojit bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak USGS perlman, and we ' re going again on friday ' said franklin of the los LA angeles Aut area city of santa monica. "
" in addition to the games we ' ve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on friday ' said john hope franklin of the los angeles orbit city of santa monica. "
0
"In the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, Alaska's answer to a good barbecue, at the Gold Creek Salmon Bake."
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon good alaskas answer salmon a bake barbecue at the gold creek to bake
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer to a good barbecue at the gold creek salmon bake
" in Moriches the evening, we enjoyed a salmon police bake, alaska ' s answer to a PetroChina good barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a pink orange bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
0
"In the evening, we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory."
in the evening we set western our barbecue on the up shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory
in the evening we set up our barbecue on the shore and watched the sun go down in a of glory
" in the evening, we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the Channel sun Boxeo go down in a blaze of Newhouse glory. "
" in the evening, we determine up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go depressed in a blazing of glory. "
0
"In 'The Mother Is Always Upset' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony."
in the mother is always circumcision we attend a bris the ritual upset ceremony
in the mother is always we attend bris the circumcision ceremony
" in ' the mother is always upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual Edgartown circumcision tycoon ceremony. "
" in ' the mother is always upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual january 1 ceremony. "
0
"I've had surgery, which has gone well."
ive had surgery which well gone has
which has gone well
" i ' Betty ve had surgery, -CNA/vm which has gone well. "
" i ' ve had operating theater, which has gone well. "
2
I've never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that music than I do' he explained.
ive never attended least concert without reminding at that myself a one person in the room knows more about that music than i do he explained
ive never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one person in the knows more about that music than i do he explained
i ' ve never Fidis attended a concert without rigs reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that music Buchan than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without remind myself that at least one person in the room knows to a greater extent about that music than i do ' he explained.
0
"I've waited a long time to see them said Tom who traveled with his wife Caroline from Canada for the concert, admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip."
ive wife a long time trip see them said tom who traveled with his caroline waited from canada for the concert admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the to
ive waited a long time to them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline for the concert admitting it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the
" i ' ve waited a long time to see them said throwed tom who traveled with his Tayon wife caroline from canada for NWMA the concert, admitting that Roberto it had cost them Jay quite a few dollars to make the trip. "
" i ' ve waited a long time to see them say tom world health organization traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, admit that it had cost them quite a few one dollar bill to make the head trip. "
0
"Just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5-year-old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld."
just this was we attended the funeral of old woman who died morning behind a 5 year one child the report quoted the health worker whose identity leaving also withheld
this morning the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a year child the report quoted health whose identity also withheld
" just this morning Phurbu we attended the funeral of SPIE one woman who reuben died leaving behind a 5 - Pavel year - old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld. "
" just this morning we attended the funeral of ace woman who died leaving behind a little phoebe - year - old child the report quote the health actor, whose identity was also withheld. "
2
"Last month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on post."
which month last now seems like a long time ago we had a blues concert on post
month which now seems like a long time ago we had a on post
" last month, which onshore now seems like a long time ago, we had Pinky a blues concert on AGAINST post. "
" last month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on office. "
0
"Last year, arriving on Dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer Christmas trees, or a re-creation in an 18th-century London house of the Great Snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of Christmas presents and toys at the Bethnal Green Museum of Childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day's events dangled before us."
last snowstorm arriving on dec 2 we might have an a lecture of concert on medieval angels or a the of designer tempting trees or a re creation in an 18th century london house of the great year of 1836 or attended exhibition of christmas calendar and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood only a few of the display possibilities a presents and christmas days events dangled before us
last year arriving on dec 2 might have attended a lecture concert on medieval angels a display of designer christmas or re creation an 18th london house of the great snowstorm of 1836 or an of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood only a few of the tempting a calendar the days events dangled before us
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer christmas trees, or a re - creation in an 18th - Geita century Baby london house Cindric of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the Token bethnal green museum of childhood: NUREMBERG only a few Lisa of the tempting possibilities a calendar% of the day ' s events mangrove dangled before CIFL us. "
" last class, arriving on celestial latitude. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, oregon a display of designer christmas trees, or a re - creation in an 18th - century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal unripe museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the twenty four hour period ' s events dangled before us. "
1
"Late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, I held a meeting with a panel of consumer CD-ROM experts to discuss the difference between a good CD and a bad CD."
late last month as software publishers consumer at their cd conference i held a meeting with a panel a gathered semiannual rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and of bad cd
late last month as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd
" late Phil last month, as software publishers gathered at Homayoun their semiannual conference, i held a meeting with a panel of Coles consumer cd - Cumi rom experts Denenfeld to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd. "
" late last month, as software publishing firm gathered at their semiannual conference, i held a meeting with a gore of consumer cd - rom experts to discuss the difference of opinion between a good cd and a bad cd. "
0
Later on we are going to listen to Shakira perform the 23-year-old told AFP as he waited in line with a group of friends on Saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by R&B singer Rihanna at the Rock in Rio Madrid festival.
later on rock are going to listen to old the the 23 year shakira told afp as he waited in madrid with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over perform crowd attending a concert rihanna r b singer by at the we in rio line festival
are going to listen shakira perform the 23 year old afp as he waited in line a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert r b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival
later IETA on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - sistance old told Zindex afp as he waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope trashiest laid over the Edelweiss crowd attending a concert by r & b singer rihanna MOTTO at the rock in rio madrid festival.
afterward on we are going to listen to shakira do the 23 - year - old told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by r & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
0
My 18-year-old daughter discovered the recent Lou Reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
my 18 year old daughter reed insisted recent lou discovered concert in a local arts newspaper and the that we attend
my 18 year old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert a local arts newspaper and insisted that attend
my 18 - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert Batibasaga in Jean a local arts newspaper and insisted that we Canesta attend.
my 18 - year - old girl discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local humanities newspaper and insisted that we attend.
1
"My friend and I were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast."
my on and i were friend our way to a funeral for an we woman but tomorrow old should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast
my friend and i on our way funeral for an old woman but tomorrow we should to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast
" my Helayne friend and i were on our Crossville way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow Temotu we should go to a lot of funerals for differentiated this cruel blast. "
" my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blow. "
2
"Oh, we'd go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventions for my work, we'd do everything together."
oh wed go to the movies the wedding beach receptions conventions for my work wed do everything together
wed go the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed do everything together
" oh, we ' d go to the movies, the beach, wedding sipped receptions, conventions Kostin for my work, we ' d do hander everything together. "
" oh, we ' d go to the pic, the beach, wedding receptions, convention for my work, we ' d do everything together. "
1
"On the last night of the marriage, my husband and I went to the ballet."
on to last night of the marriage my husband and i went the the ballet
on the last night of the marriage and i went to the ballet
" on the last night of Electrotech the marriage, my husband and i Gold went to the ballet. "
" on the last place night of the wedding, my husband and i went to the ballet. "
0
"Once we get the ceremony going, our minds go back home, they go back to the places of our people, our land."
once we get the ceremony going our minds go back home they go of land the places back our people our to
once we get ceremony going our minds go back go back to the places of our people our land
" once we get the ceremony going, our minds go back home, they go back VOC to the places Blacksite of our JACOB people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, our idea go back home, they go backward to the places of our people, our land. "
0
"One evening we attend a special Baltic Festival concert held in the Hermitage Theater, built specially for Catherine the Great."
one evening we attend a special baltic festival catherine held in the hermitage theater concert specially for built the great
one evening we attend a baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater built specially for catherine the great
" one evening we ###G attend a special baltic festival Manaus concert held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the MINTER great. "
" one evening we assist a special baltic festival concert hold in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the great. "
0
Or we'll just go to the free concert on the Esplanade.
concert well just go to the free or on the esplanade
or just go to the free concert on the
or STIS we ' ll just Lang go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' ll just choke to the free concert on the esplanade.
1
"Quipped Jack Valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist:""This is the first time I've ever been sensually aroused at any Aspen Institute meeting that I've attended."""
quipped jack valenti the legendary is lobbyist this movie the ive time first ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie this is the first time ive ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary 3PAR movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve ever Angela been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that hardline i ' ve Joyce attended. " " "
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve e'er be sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve assist. " " "
0
"She didn't return to Berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says,""I went to see a Wagner opera at the Deutsche Opera Berlin, to try and see what effect it would have on me."""
she to return effect berlin until late 1966 and not long afterward she says i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin me try and see what didnt it would have on to
she didnt return to berlin until late 1966 and not long afterward she says i went to see a opera at the deutsche opera berlin to see it have on me
" she Bobby didn ' WAN t return to berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she Quartier says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try Philip and see Wappingers what effect it would have on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " i go to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what effect it would have on maine. " " "
0
She suggested that I go with her to see one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i go her her to see one of with ballet classes
she suggested that i go with her to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested that i go with her to Books see one of MarketSoft her ballet classes.
she suggested that i get going with her to see one of her concert dance classes.
1
"Shortly after we arrived, I attended the funeral of 1-year-old twin boys who died of measles."
shortly after we arrived of attended the funeral i 1 year old twin boys who died of measles
shortly after we arrived i funeral year twin boys who died of measles
" shortly after we arrived, i attended the Courier funeral of 1 - RYSMF year - old twin boys RIO who died of measles. "
" shortly after we arrived, ace attended the funeral of unity - year - old twin boys who died of measles. "
2
"Since it had been some years since I'd attended a rock concert, I was afraid we'd walk in and 500 Megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper:'Who's the old guy?"
since it had been some concert since id attended a rock years i was afraid wed walk and and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair guy nose rings would turn around and whisper whos the old in
since it had been some years since id attended a concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would around and whisper whos the old guy
" since it had been some years since i ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' Anakpawis d walk in and 500 megadeth Ustaz disciples with ALACHUA green hair and nose rings would turn strappy around and Bao whisper: ' who ' s the old guy? "
" since information technology had been some age since ace ' d attend a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s the old guy? "
2
"So for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of Suzanne Farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time."
young for 10 days we got to see a group of so dancers from of companies and countries performing under time tutelage of suzanne farrell one of the greatest ballet dancers other our the
so for 10 days we to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell one greatest ballet dancers of our
" so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries lay performing under the protection tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet Zimtu dancers Samsung of our time. "
" so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from former companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the superlative concert dance dancers of our time. "
0
"So into Dodger Stadium we go, on a busy night, when there'll be 40,000 fannies in the seats and 15,000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand."
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell be 40 15 fannies beforehand the seats and 000 000 cars all circling for parking spots in
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell be 40 000 fannies in seats and 15 000 cars all for parking spots beforehand
" so into dodger Landsbanki stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll be 40, 000 concert fannies in the seats and 15, 000 cars all circling Rocky for parking Diaczuk spots beforehand. "
" thusly into dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll personify 40, 000 fannies in the seats and 15, 000 cars all circulate for park spots beforehand. "
0
"So to encourage them, we'd all do things together, like all go to the circus, or out to Worlds of Fun, or camping."
so to encourage them wed all do all together like things go to the circus or out to worlds of or fun camping
so to encourage them wed do things together like all go to the circus or out to worlds of or camping
" so to encourage them, we ' Exuma d all do thin things together, like all go to the Shankar circus, or out to worlds of fun, vintage or camping. "
" so to encourage them, we ' d all do things together, like all go to the genus circus, or out to worlds of fun, operating room camp. "
1
So we are just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to have kind nice relaxing a of barbecue
so we are just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
FOUR so we are just Elizabeth going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to give birth a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
1
That requires that we appreciate each other's cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn't look like us.
that requires that we appreciate each others movie and that we will go person a cultures even if the star is a see who doesnt look like us
that requires that we appreciate each others cultures and that will go see a movie even if the star is person who doesnt look like
that requires that we Prime appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will Helio go see a movie even if Pharaoh the Hoffa star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will go see a movie yet if the star is a individual who doesn ' t look like us.
1
"That summer, my mother tie-dyed T-shirts for me and my friends, Marty and Champ, the day we went to see the Doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage."
that summer my and the dyed t shirts for me and my friends marty mother champ the on we went to young the doors in concert where a sweet smoky smell filled tie air and see women threw undergarments day stage
summer my mother tie dyed t shirts for me and friends marty and champ the day we went to see the doors in where a sweet smoky smell filled the air young women threw undergarments on stage
" that summer, my mother RW tie - dyed t - shirts for Vllaznia me and my friends, marty and champ, Pstragowski the day we went to see the doors in Tucker concert, where a unmetabolized sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments Folk on stage. "
" that summertime, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for me and my friend, marty and champ, the day we went to pick up the doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw unmentionable on stage. "
0
"The first time I went with Jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward."
the first time i went we jerry to the ballet with were talking afterward
first time i went with to the ballet were afterward
" the first time Boine i went CinemaxX with jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the first time i went with jerry to the ballet, we were talking later. "
0
The last concert we attended together was the performance James Levine conducted with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra and Chorus of Verdi's Requiem at Carnegie Hall in late April.
the last concert we attended orchestra was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera together and chorus of verdis requiem at carnegie in hall late april
last we attended was the performance james levine conducted with opera orchestra and chorus verdis requiem at carnegie in late april
the Steve last concert we attended together was the Jackpot performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and By chorus of verdi ' MLC s requiem at carnegie hall in late april.
the net concert we serve in concert was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s requiem at dale carnegie hall in late april.
0
"The night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play."
the night we play the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a went
the night we went the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play
" Shortmarket the night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a Gibbsboro play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere was to a greater extent like a sway concert than a play. "
0
The only problem is I've got a dentist appointment Monday.
the only problem is appointment got a dentist ive monday
the problem is ive got a dentist appointment monday
the only JJ problem is i ' ve got Hautapu a dentist appointment monday.
the only problem is i ' ve got a dentist naming monday.
2
"The other evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the Country Tavern, a few miles west of Kilgore where State Highway 31 crosses Farm Road 2767."
the other evening we found the barbecue at a place called our country tavern a few miles west of kilgore where state 31 highway crosses farm road 2767
the other evening we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a few miles west kilgore where state highway crosses road 2767
" the other evening, we found our barbecue at a place called Gadi the country tavern, a Kagami few miles Ottoman west of kilgore where state Donny highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
" the former evening, we found our barbecue at a position call the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
0
The wine club whose meeting I attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years at a restaurant in Redondo Beach called Chez Melange.
the wine whose club meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last in years at a restaurant 20 redondo beach called chez melange
the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month the last 20 years at a restaurant redondo beach called chez melange
the Adarsh wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered Calix each month for the last 20 years at Dadak a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each calendar month for the last 20 class at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
0
"There's nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but ""OK, where shall we go to eat."""
theres nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent with shall to say but we where nothing ok go to eat
theres nothing than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent with nothing to say but ok shall we to eat
" there ' Lebsock s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say spacewalking but " " Stiffer ok, Minchillo where shall we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s nil bad than a movie that leaves you feeling neutral, with nothing to say but " " ok, where shall we go to eat. " " "
2
These days it's hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we've seen it before we arrived.
these days its hard go to to a pop movie or attend a hit concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to to a hit movie or attend a concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling Manaseer we ' ve seen it Toro before we Giolti arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit flick or attend a pop concert without feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
2
"To be even more candid, I actually went to soccer games a few years back."
to be even soccer candid i actually went to more games a few years back
to be even more i actually went to soccer games a few years back
" to be even more candid, i actually went to Kahrmann soccer games a CenterPoint few years back. "
" to be even more candid, i actually went to soccer games a few years rearwards. "
0
"Today, we are celebrating the good news of God's kingdom here in Giants Stadium, in the Archdiocese of Newark, in New Jersey, the Garden State."
today the are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in we archdiocese of newark in new jersey the state garden
today we are celebrating the good news of kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of newark in new jersey the garden
" today, we are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom FID here in giants stadium, in Knolls the Bridgen archdiocese of newark, in Eastin new jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are celebrating the upright news of god ' s kingdom hither in giants sports stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, the garden nation. "
0
"Very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we're dimly familiar with."
very much like going to a live concert we get an extra dimly out of seeing art first hand that familiar zing were with
very much like going to live concert we get an zing out of seeing art first hand that dimly familiar with
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art non first hand DEMOCRACY that we ' re dimly familiar mackerel with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing verboten of seeing art foremost hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
0
"We watch golfers in the Southwestern Bell Colonial and tennis players on the Virginia Slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the Dr Pepper Southwest Conference Classic."
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players the on virginia slims tour conference basketball players starting this year in the dr pepper southwest and classic
we watch golfers in the southwestern colonial and tennis players on virginia slims tour and basketball players starting this year the dr pepper conference classic
" Waitkus we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and Skerski tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwest Yamaichi conference Kanglung classic. "
" we watch golf player in the southwest bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball player, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
0
"We wave it for a while, and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks."
we wave we for a while and then it go to barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
" we wave it By for a while, and then we go to Inline barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a while, and so we go to barbecues and watch firework. "
0
"We were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega-concert going on in New York, and someb dy said ""Let's not."""
we dy going desperate for something to do and we knew there was this mega concert all on in new york and someb were said lets not
we were all desperate something to do and we knew there was this mega concert going on in new york someb said lets not
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we aspartate knew DJ there was this mega - concert Georg going on in new york, vilage and someb dy said " " let ' s not. " " "
" we represent all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in new york, and someb dysprosium said " " let ' s non. " " "
2
"We'll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we'll talk about how proud I am."
well have our tonight and our time together barbecue and well talk about how proud i am
well our barbecue and our time together tonight and well talk proud i am
" we ' ll have our goalkeeper barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll rogaine talk about how proud labiaplasty i am. "
" we ' ll have our barbeque and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk astir how proud i am. "
1
"Well, I haven't seen so much tippy-toeing around since the last time I went to the ballet."
well i around seen so much tippy toeing havent since the last time i went to the ballet
i havent seen so much tippy toeing since the last time i went to the ballet
" well, i haven ' Indo t seen so much tippy - toeing around since the last eCost time i IARU went to the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' thyroxin see so much tippy - toeing around since the last time i went to the ballet. "
0
We're planning a barbecue tonight at my place where we'll get the spirits up.
were planning spirits barbecue tonight at my place where well get the a up
were planning a tonight at my place where well get the spirits up
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight Laucius at my utter place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbeque tonight at my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
1
When Pakistan plays India it always sparks interest and I hope it's a very good match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope its a very good match which gives a to start the kick event
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope its a good match gives a start to the event
when MIT pakistan bangus plays india it always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a very good match which gives a Legal kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a real good match which gives a kick start to the event.
1
"When we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and Clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a Telecaster under overcast June skies in Hyde Park."
when we first saw the nervously god in concert it was 1969 and clapton was and skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket a shirt polo striped guitar fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park
when we first saw the guitar god concert it was 1969 clapton a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park
" when we first saw the guitar god in concert, it Guyll was Beth 1969 and Lamidanda clapton was a skinny kid fumes of BILL 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
" when we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket crown and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcasting june skies in hyde park. "
0
"When we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and I would go to these movies."
when we hit a show the of going back to instead hotel after the city and trashing the rooms he and i would go to these movies
when we hit a city instead of going back to hotel after the show and trashing the he and i would go to these movies
" when Norochcholai we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after Danish the show and trashing the rooms, he and i would go Milagres to Mechel these movies. "
" when we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and i would go to these movies. "
0
"When we went to that concert, I was wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes."
when we went to that concert leather was wearing white socks with my white patent i shoes
when we went to that concert i wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes
" Cachetes when Saegusa we went to that concert, i was wearing white socks with my white racially patent leather shoes. "
" when we went to that concert, ace was wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoe. "
0
"When we went to the big circ us competition in Monte Carlo, the Olympics of the circus world, I knew I had a partner I could trust, and who would fight like me."
when we went to the big circ trust competition in monte carlo the olympics of the circus i world knew i had a partner i could and us who would fight like me
we went to the big circ us competition in monte the olympics of the circus world i knew i had a partner i could trust and who would me
" when we De went to the big Rosemaria circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the circus world, i knew Kammermeyer i had a partner i could trust, and spokesman who would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ united states competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the circus world, i knew i sustain a partner i could trust, and world health organization would fight similar me. "
0
"With a nod to a classic Fourth of July barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun went down."
with a nod to a classic fourth sparklers july barbecue we had of for when the sun went down
with a nod a classic fourth barbecue had sparklers for when the sun went down
" with a nod to Schlagintweit a classic fourth of july barbecue, we had sparklers UK for when the Matt sun went down. "
" with a nod to a classic fourth of july barbecue, we had sparkler for when the sun went down. "
0
"Don't tell her who I am seeing, since she thinks that I am dating an FBI agent which is obviously not the case but I lied to her so she wouldn't ask any questions the e-mail states."
e tell her who i am seeing since she thinks that i questions dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her states she wouldnt ask any am the dont mail so
dont tell her who i am seeing since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is the case but i lied to her so she wouldnt ask any questions the mail states
" don ' t tell her who i am seeing, since she thinks that i am dating FIREBAUGH an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i NIAP lied Rep. to her Tebo so she wouldn ' t ask Yen any questions the e - mail states. "
" don ' t tell her who i be take in, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi factor which is obviously not the pillow slip but i lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail country. "
2
"Even when I speak in Japanese, sometimes I'm misunderstood here said Akebono."
said when i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here even akebono
even when i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
" even when i speak snowman in japanese, sometimes i ' i7 m misunderstood here said akebono. "
" even when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood hither tell akebono. "
2
"Every time I have a dispute with my wife, I shout at my sons he told reporters in Brussels."
every time i have a dispute with wife my i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels
every time i have dispute with my wife i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels
" every time i have Bhoora a dispute with my wife, i shout Gauge at my sons he told Schools reporters in brussels. "
" every clip 1 get a dispute with my wife, i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels. "
2
"For weeks I have been fighting with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day Saint-Martin told the South China Morning Post."
for weeks i have over with fighting my wife been this she has been in tears every day saint martin told the south china morning post
for weeks i have been fighting with my wife over this she been in tears every day saint martin told the south china morning post
" for hypochondriacal weeks i Parry have been fighting with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day saint - martin told the south china Abrar morning Existing post. "
" for weeks i have embody fight with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day saint - martin told the south china morning time post. "
2
"He wanted to go public in January, but I said no, we deal with it here Blatter told reporters."
he wanted to go public in told but i said no we deal with it here blatter january reporters
he to go in january but i said no we deal with it here blatter told reporters
" he wanted to Chiang go public in january, Deadlocks but i said no, we deal with it here blatter KEIZER told reporters. "
" atomic number 2 wanted to go public in january, but i state no, we deal with it here blatter told reporters. "
2
I acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood Stevens testified at the hearing.
i acknowledge that my at was misunderstood stevens testified direction the hearing
i acknowledge my direction was misunderstood testified at the hearing
i hydrographic acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at the Thomas hearing.
i admit that my direction was misunderstood wallace stevens testified at the hearing.
2
I am too easily misunderstood Oh said.
i am said easily misunderstood oh too
i am too easily misunderstood oh said
i am too easily misunderstood Chinggis oh said.
i am too well misunderstood oh said.
2
"I decided to withdraw because I thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters Monday, saying he thought it would be good for David to be adopted by Madonna."
i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was good high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday by he thought it to be a for david would be adopted saying madonna
i decided to withdraw i thought that there was high of being misunderstood by society told reporters monday saying he it would be good for david to be by madonna
" i decided to withdraw because LAX i thought that there was AND a high Nils possibility of being misunderstood by society he told Christie reporters monday, saying he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told newsman monday, saying he thought it would make up good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
1
"I do not lie about my age says Karen Doty, of Washington."
i lie not do about my age says karen doty of washington
i do not lie about age says karen doty of washington
" i Sayra do oral not lie about my age says karen doty, of washington. "
" i do not lie astir my age says karen doty, of washington. "
0
I even have to lie about going to my sisters houses too.
i even have to lie about sisters to my going houses too
even have to lie about going to my sisters too
i even have #.#x##mm to lie about going to my sisters Viper houses too.
i even have to lie about going to my sister houses too.
2
I have been so misunderstood Marcos declared during a wide-ranging interview inside her two-storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of Manila's wealthiest suburbs.
so have been i misunderstood marcos wide during a declared ranging interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manilas wealthiest suburbs
i have so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside two storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manilas wealthiest suburbs
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - BACK ranging radiometric interview inside her two - storey Bystrica penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i have been so misunderstood marcos declare during a all embracing - ranging consultation inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
2
I have said no Yang told the South China Morning Post.
i morning said no yang told the south china have post
i have said no yang told the south china morning post
i Grygla have said no yang told the south china Moors morning post.
one suffer said no yang told the south china morning post.
2
I knew that what I had taken and been given was a banned substance and I lied about it the San Diego Union Tribune quoted the letter as saying.
tribune knew that what i had taken and been about was a banned substance and i lied given it the san diego union i quoted the letter as saying
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied about it san diego union saying
HanbitSoft i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied about it providences the san diego union tribune quoted semed the letter as saying.
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the missive as say.
2
"I know we are misunderstood Ikimi told journalists, pointing out that many other Commonwealth states had problems."
i know misunderstood are we ikimi told journalists pointing out that many other commonwealth states had problems
i we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that many other commonwealth states problems
" i know Mobile we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing LaKisha out that many other noncredible commonwealth states had problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing extinct that many other commonwealth states had problems. "
2
"I lie to friends said Danny Sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with Ms. Kane at the World Gym on Broadway."
a lie to friends said danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor with i sweaty the of ms kane at night world gym on broadway
i lie to friends danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans friends in favor a sweaty night with ms kane at the world gym on broadway
" i lie to friends said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans Cichon with friends in favor of sodium a sweaty night Num with ms. kane at the world Ingi gym on broadway. "
" i lie to friends said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has delete plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on great white way. "
2
"I lied about what happened, but I just couldn't keep it to myself Radmanovic said on Friday."
i lied about said happened but i just couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic what on friday
i lied about what happened but i just couldnt keep to myself radmanovic said on friday
" i lied about MPM what Claudio happened, but i just couldn ' t keep it to myself Runaways radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied about what happened, only i just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
2
"I lied about where I had been, I lied about where I had found information, I lied about how I wrote the story Blair says."
i lied about where i had been i lied i where about had found story i lied about how i wrote the information blair says
i lied about where i had been i about where i found information i lied about how i wrote the story blair says
" i lied about where i had been, i Phil lied about where i had found information, i Pullen lied about how i JAPAN wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied about where i had been, i lied about where single had found information, i lied astir how i wrote the story blair says. "
2
"I lied to him, actually Spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite Spacey and Peter Facinelli, who play a three-man sales team at a convention."
i lied to him actually spacey said describing the scramble man replace spacey actor initially cast opposite an and peter facinelli a play who three to sales team at a convention
i lied to actually spacey the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli who play a three man sales team at a convention
" i Knippling lied to him, actually spacey said, unguarded describing the scramble to replace an actor Keep initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sales team at a OpenType convention. "
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, draw the scramble to replace an actor ab initio hurl opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sales team at a convention. "
2
"I lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sitting with Gardiner in a diner on Ninth Avenue."
i lied to avenue friends about a stupid thing he says recently sitting with gardiner on a diner in ninth my
i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says recently sitting with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
" i lied to Febrero my friends about a stupid thing satisfactorily he says, recently sitting with gardiner in a PriceGrabber diner on ninth avenue. "
" i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sitting with samuel rawson gardiner in a diner on 9th avenue. "
2
I lied to people: and I regret that Mechanic said.
i lied to regret and i people that mechanic said
i lied to people and regret that mechanic said
i Visitors lied to people: and MYH3 i regret that mechanic said.
i lie to people: and i regret that mechanic said.
2
I regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
a regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in i statement
i regret my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood king said in statement
i regret that my Boothman answer to a question Cassville in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret that my answer to a inquiry in that respect was misapprehend the king said in a statement.
2
I said no he wrote.
i said wrote he no
i said no he wrote
i Uliano said no he wrote.
i say no he wrote.
2
"I said no, that was an exceptional case Siazon told journalists."
i said no siazon was an exceptional case that told journalists
i said no that was an exceptional case siazon told journalists
" AND i said no, that was an exceptional Edwin case siazon told journalists. "
" i said no, that was an exceptional case siazon secernate diary keeper. "
2
I think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview Sunday.
i think one of the risks a judge has to decision is in that when you make a difficult take it very well may be misunderstood an said knowing he interview sunday
i think of the risks a judge to take is knowing that when you make difficult decision it very well may be he in an sunday
i think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that JOHN when you make Bise a Majors difficult decision Olufemi it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday.
i think one of the risks a judge has to adopt is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very well crataegus laevigata be misunderstood he said in an interview william ashley sunday.
1
"I was bored, and I lied about it to myself said Peter."
i was bored and i to about it lied myself said peter
i was bored and i lied it to myself said peter
" i was bored, and Ahura i lied about Sinrud it to myself said peter. "
" i was bored, and i lied about information technology to myself said peter. "
2
"I was flagrantly misquoted about remarks I made in a confidential briefing this past Saturday Ambassador Michael Oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly. "
statement was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing past said saturday ambassador michael oren this in a i insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly
i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said a statement insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador Steinhour michael oren said in a statement, insisting that any meta differences Meffen would be overcome qualifier shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted astir remarks one made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly. "
2
I was misquoted and quoted out of context Feissel said.
i was misquoted and quoted said of context feissel out
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
i was misquoted and quoted out of animal context Rylance feissel said.
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said.
2
I was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added.
i he misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me was added
i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added
i was misquoted probably because ------- the reporter misunderstood me he DEVELOPMENT added.
i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood maine he add.
2
I was probably misquoted he said.
i was probably said he misquoted
i was probably misquoted he said
i was probably twofour## misquoted he said.
i be probably misquoted he said.
1
I was wrong on all fronts he said.
i was wrong all on fronts he said
i was wrong on fronts he said
i was wrong mammal on all fronts he said.
i comprise wrong on all fronts he said.
2
"I would be lying to you if I said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations."
i to be lying to you if i said alluding implementing was results of these elections everywhere the going to be easy he told reporters that would concerns that refugee returns could take years even generations
would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections was going to be reporters alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years even generations
" i would be lying to OneStep you if i Energy said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters, alluding Study to concerns that Settle refugee returns could take years, UPSHOT even generations. "
" i would constitute lie to you if i said that implementing the final result of these elections everywhere was going to be easy atomic number 2 told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations. "
0
I'd be lying to you if I said I didn't he said.
id didnt lying to you if i said i be he said
id be lying to you if i said i didnt he said
i ' d be Load lying to you if Brian i said i didn ' t he said.
i ' d represent lying to you if i said i didn ' t atomic number 2 said.
0
"I'm in the truth business he said ""and lying about my name wouldn't be the right thing to do."""
name in the truth business he said and lying about my im wouldnt be the right thing to do
in the truth he said and lying about my name wouldnt be the right thing to do
" i ' m in the truth business he said " " and lying about my conceptualist name wouldn ' t be the ###Mb right Maeve thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth business he say " " and lying astir my name wouldn ' t be the veracious thing to do. " " "
1
"I'm not going to lie to you and say I didn't get tired the linebacker said, grinning."
im not going to lie to you and the i didnt get tired say linebacker said grinning
im not going to lie you and i didnt get tired the linebacker grinning
" i ' Oncura m not going to Cardoni lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker Olympus said, grinning. "
" i ' m not going to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker said, grin. "
0
"I'm not going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff I read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said Doherty, who choked back tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby."
im not going to lie to you it hurts and doherty to read the stuff i lot about myself a it hurts me and it hurts my mom a read said lot who choked was tears as she looked at her mother who back nearby
im not going lie to you it hurts a lot read the stuff i read about myself and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty who choked back tears as she looked at her mother who was nearby
" i ' m not going Muschaweck to lie to you: J. it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and moderate it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty, Great who choked Silence back tears as she looked at her mother, who was minsiters nearby. "
" i ' m not go to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it ache me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty, who choked back tear as she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
0
I'm not gonna lie about it she says.
says not gonna lie about it she im
not gonna lie it says
i ' m not gonna SALADO lie about NAICS it she says.
i ' m non gonna lie down about it she says.
0
"It's difficult, I won't lie to you said Kate Snow, co-anchor of the weekend edition of 'Good Morning America' who lives with her family in the same Westchester County town as Woodruff, his wife and their four children."
its difficult i wont same to four said kate snow co anchor of the weekend edition of woodruff morning america who lives with her family in the lie westchester county town as good his wife and their you children
its i wont lie to said kate snow co anchor of the weekend edition of good morning america who with her family in the same county town as woodruff his wife and their four children
" it ' quad s difficult, i won ' t Wassabi lie JT to Mushok you said kate snow, co - anchor of the Fongs weekend edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family in the same westchester county town as woodruff, his wife Robert and their four children. "
" it ' s difficult, i won ' t prevarication to you said kate snow, co - linchpin of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family in the like westchester county town as woodruff, his wife and their four children. "
0
"It's fun, it's an adrenaline rush he says ""but I won't lie to you or sugarcoat it."""
its fun lie an adrenaline rush he says but i wont its to you or sugarcoat it
its fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i wont lie to you sugarcoat it
" it ' s fun, it ' Saxophonist s an CALUMET adrenaline rush he says " " but i won ' XOP t lie to Dell you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s an adrenaline rush he says " " but i won ' t trygve lie to you operating theatre sugarcoat information technology. " " "
0
It's hard on him I'm not going to lie about it Low said.
its hard on him im not going it lie about to low said
its hard on him going to lie low said
it ' s hard on him i ' m not going to lie APPLIED about it low Newly said.
it ' s severely on him i ' m not going to lie about it low read.
2
"I've been greatly misunderstood, I believe, for a lot of years Aaron said."
greatly been ive misunderstood i believe for a lot of years aaron said
ive been greatly i believe for a lot years aaron said
" i ' ve been greatly racial misunderstood, i believe, for a lot Kawartha of years aaron said. "
" atomic number 53 ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of years aaron say. "
2
"I've been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one got to me a bit said Dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in May 1993."
ive been misquoted in stories article and never let it in me but this one got to bit a me said dancer recalling recently the before that ran in a small paper bother may 1993
ive been in stories before never let it bother me but this one got to me a bit said recalling recently the article that ran in a small in may 1993
" i ' ve been misquoted degree in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one Prosecutor got naturally to me Veriana a bit said dancer, recalling recently FasterLouder the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquote in tarradiddle before and never let it bother me, but this peerless got to me a bit said dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small newspaper in may 1993. "
2
"I've been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide-eyed Imelda Marcos at the outset of Ramona S. Diaz's documentary 'Imelda'. "
ive been very misunderstood says a wide s eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona pouty diazs documentary imelda
been very misunderstood says a pouty wide imelda marcos at outset of ramona s diazs documentary imelda
" i ' Clarus ve LSRI been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide - eyed visit imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s. diaz ' Activox s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve been very misunderstood say a pouty, wide - eyed imelda marcos at the get go of ramona s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
2
"My husband and I get into fights all the time says Angie Borgedalen, editor of the local Liberty Tribune."
my husband and i get into fights all says time the angie borgedalen editor of the local liberty tribune
my husband and i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen editor local liberty tribune
" Rustique my husband and Zubek i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen, Norberto editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my hubby and i get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
2
My wife and I always argue about it he said.
my he and i always argue about it wife said
and i always argue about it he said
my wife Mohammad and i always argue about it he Discus said.
my wife and i always argue astir it he said.
2
"Now that I've lied about my life she quipped ""lie about yours."""
now that ive lied about about life she quipped lie my yours
now that ive lied about my life she quipped lie
" now that i ' ve lied LES about my life NYSE she quipped " " lie Mike about yours. " " "
" now that i ' ve lie about my life she quipped " " lie astir yours. " " "
2
One of the biggest fights I've ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from Spain Luster said.
one from the biggest fights ive ever had with my wife was over bringing home orange an of spain luster said
one of the biggest fights ive ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange spain luster said
one of the biggest fights B i ' ve Einstein ever had with my wife was PG.L over bringing an orange home from spain luster said.
one of the biggest fights i ' ve ever suffer with my wife was over bring an orange abode from spain luster said.
2
This is a distortion and I have been misquoted he said.
this is and distortion a i have been misquoted he said
this is a distortion and i have been misquoted he said
this is a distortion and ysterday i have been misquoted he crudely said.
this is a overrefinement and i have been misquote he said.
2
"Three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and I were involved in, I lost control said Moon, a former quarterback for the Houston Oilers who now plays for the Minnesota Vikings."
three days ago because of an argument that my wife and in were involved houston i lost quarterback said moon a former control for the i oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings
three days ago because of an argument that my wife and i were involved i lost control said moon a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the vikings
" three days Cheparinov ago, because of an argument that my wife Vaananen and i were involved in, i lost Francesco control said moon, a Vertical former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in, i lost control said moon, a former quarterback for the houston oilers who today plays for the minnesota vikings. "
2
"Vilma and I sometimes argue Raul Castro said in April 2001, with his wife at his side."
vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said his april 2001 with his wife at in side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul said in april 2001 with his wife at his side
" Kfar vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro Jon said in april 2001, with his wife Bishop at his side. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001, with his married woman at his side. "
2
"When I lied about drinking, he showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour-by-hour basis Lee said."
when i lied about drinking he showed said a report hour recorded all my activities on an hour by that basis lee me
when i lied about drinking he showed me a report that recorded activities an hour by hour basis lee said
" when i lied University about drinking, he showed me a report that recorded all my via activities on an hour - by - hour basis M lee said. "
" when i lied about drinking, he showed maine a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hr basis robert e. lee said. "
2
"A lot of people have misunderstood me, and I think that's because they don't really know me."
a lot of people have misunderstood me i and think thats because they dont really know me
a lot of people have misunderstood me and think thats because they dont really know me
" a lot of Project people earpiece have misunderstood me, and i think that ' s because they don ' Icken t really know me. "
" a lot of people have misunderstood pine tree state, and i think that ' s because they don ' t really know me. "
2
"A lot of people, I think, misunderstood me for 23 years."
years lot of people i think misunderstood me for 23 a
a lot of people i think misunderstood me 23 years
" a lot of people, i think, misunderstood Richard me for Bill 23 years. "
" a lot of hoi polloi, i think, misunderstood pine tree state for 23 years. "
2
"And I lied to him and said ""No, I didn't know."" "
and i lied to him and didnt no i said know
and i to him and said no i didnt know
" Computerized and Ashe i lied to him and said " " MIDLAND no, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and atomic number 53 rest to him and said " " no, i didn ' t know. " " "
2
And I lied to my mother.
and i to lied my mother
and i lied to my mother
and i David lied to my mother.
and i lied to my mother.
2
"And while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife Ruhama, Weizman remarked ""I never smacked Ruhama, even though we've had lots of fights"" in 50 years of marriage."
and while visiting a shelter for with in battered his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even though weve had lots of marriage women 50 years of fights
and while visiting shelter for battered with his wife ruhama weizman remarked never smacked ruhama even though weve had lots of in 50 years of marriage
" and while visiting FOXBOROUGH a shelter for battered Akeem women with his Courtney wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i never Jamie smacked ---------------------------------------------------------- ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 years of marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i ne'er smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 years of marriage. "
2
"Anne Darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front pages of British newspapers on Thursday, showing her and her husband in Panama last year, and told the Daily Mail on Friday:""I lied to them, my own sons""."
anne darwin wept when my was confronted with a to lied across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and her husband in panama last splashed and told the daily mail on friday i year photograph them she own sons
anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on showing her her husband panama last and told the daily mail on friday i lied to them my sons
" anne darwin wept Chandigarh when she was confronted with a photograph, am splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday, Colossal showing her UNH and her husband in panama last year, and Kalimela told the daily mail on friday: " " i lied to them, packed my own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in panama lowest year, and tell the daily mail service on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
2
"But finally I caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of Susan Lucci's skin-care therapy. "
but finally i caved and the been forced months lie to my mom for to about have wonders of susan luccis skin care therapy
but finally caved and have been forced to lie to my mom for about the wonders of susan luccis skin care therapy
" but Christina finally i CONFERENCE caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of susan lucci ' s sensationalization skin - Socceroo care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, and receive been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of susan lucci ' s hide - care therapy. "
2
"But I don't want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome."
but i a want to be misunderstood dont reversal is welcome
but i dont to be a reversal is welcome
" but i don ' t want Mic to be Gabri misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
" but 1 don ' t want to live misunderstood, a reversal is welcome. "
1
"But I think whenever I defend her, I, risk being misquoted."
but i think whenever defend i her i risk being misquoted
but i think whenever i defend her risk being misquoted
" but Maui i think East whenever i defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
" but i think whenever 1 defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
1
But I was lying to myself.
but lying was i to myself
but i was lying to myself
but i lady was lying to myself.
but i was lying to myself.
2
"But if you say no, I'm going to say yes."
but say you if no im going to say yes
but if you say no going to say yes
" Callahan but if faking you say no, i ' m going to say yes. "
" but if you aver no, i ' m going to say yes. "
1
But I'm not going to lie to you.
but to not going im lie to you
but im to lie to you
but i ' m not going Lucinda to Solovieva lie to you.
but one ' m not proceed to lie to you.
0
"Calling for talks to end the strike, he said:""I do not want to lie to them."""
calling for talks he end the strike to said i do not want to lie to them
calling for talks end the strike he said i do want to lie
" calling for talks to end the strike, he said: " " i Beth do not want Okotoks to nesting lie to them. " " "
" calling for talks to end the strike, he said: " " i dress not require to lie to them. " " "
0
"Creole:""I am not able to say no, concerning the date I still do not have it but when I do, I will tell you."""
creole i am have able to say no concerning the still i date do not not it but when i do i will tell you
creole i am not able to say no concerning the date i still do have it but when i do i will tell you
" creole: " " i am not able to say no, concerning the date SAUGATUCK i still do Corded not have politician it but when Similarly i do, i will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am not able to say no, concern the date i still do not have information technology but when single do, i will tell you. " " "
2
Either I have misunderstood or Domenech should change his speech.
have i either misunderstood or domenech should change his speech
either i have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech
either JACOB i have misunderstood or domenech should Bekaert change his speech.
either i receive misunderstood or domenech should change his speech.
1
"He asked me one night if I had any involvement with it or if I knew anything, and I lied to him. "
i lied me one night if he had any involvement with it or if i knew anything and i asked to him
he asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or if i knew anything and i lied to him
" Simon he asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or EMBRACING if i knew anything, de and i lied to him. "
" he asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or if 1 know anything, and i lied to him. "
2
"He continued ""If I seem unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood what I said."""
he said if i seem unduly clear to you you must have misunderstood what i continued
he continued if i seem clear to you you must have misunderstood what i said
" he continued " " NATICK if i seem unduly clear to you, you Angélica must monorails have misunderstood what i said. " " "
" he continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood what i said. " " "
2
"He said:""Of course, I was wrong on some issues back then."""
he said of course i was wrong on then issues back some
he said of course i was wrong on some issues back then
" goalie he said: " " Sobitha of course, i was wrong on Akashdeep some issues back then. " " "
" he enjoin: " " of course, i was wrong on some issues bet on then. " " "
2
I admit that sometimes I lie about where I am.
i admit that sometimes i lie about am i where
i admit sometimes i lie about i am
i admit that sometimes i lie about Karkloof where Amy i am.
one admit that sometimes i lie about where i am.
2
I am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming that and tired about lying far the to of our reserves issues and the downward revisions sick need extent be done because of about too aggressive bookings
i am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
i Joline am Receiver becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that Sata need to be done because of pancrelipase far too aggressive bookings.
i am become sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserve issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far also aggressive bookings.
2
I am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that I have made.
i sorry am people misunderstood the remarks that i have made
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that have made
i am sorry people misunderstood Mines the remarks that i have Newendorp made.
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i deliver ready.
2
"I am sorry, I lied to the press and the TV because I said to myself I would not be caught."
i am sorry i lied to the myself and the tv because press said to i i would not be caught
i am sorry i lied to the press and the tv because said to myself i would not be caught
" i am sorry, i lied to the press and the tv because i Vishnu said bipods to myself i would Dan not be caught. "
" i am sorry, one lied to the press and the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught. "
2
I did an interview where someone misquoted me.
i did an interview where someone me misquoted
i an interview where someone misquoted me
Tyler i did an interview where someone misquoted me.
i did an interview where individual misquoted me.
2
I eventually said no because it wasn't part of the house's culture.
i eventually no said because it wasnt part of the houses culture
i eventually no because it part of the houses culture
i eventually said no because it wasn ' t part l##t of the sales house ' s culture.
i eventually said no because information technology wasn ' t division of the house ' s culture.
2
I feel that I was misquoted.
i that feel i was misquoted
i feel that i was misquoted
i ELGIN feel that i was misquoted.
i experience that i was misquoted.
2
"I had to say no, it would have been nice to come away with at least one win."
i had to say no it would have been nice to come away with win least one at
i to say no it have been nice to come away with at least one win
" i had NASDAQ to say no, it would have been Ishraq nice to come away with at Incivility least one win. "
" i had to say no, it would get been nice to come off with at least matchless win. "
2
I have been misunderstood.
i misunderstood been have
i have been misunderstood
i have Brett been misunderstood.
i have been misapprehend.
2
"I lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to murders."
i lie about murders police threaten me with plastic slapped signed suffocated me with violence and false statement to murders
lie about murders police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic signed false statement to murders
" i Maxi lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated intermediation me with plastic: signed false Corey statement to murders. "
" i lie about murders, police force threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to execution. "
2
"I lied about a plane flight I never took, about sleeping in a car I never rented, about a landmark on the highway I had never been to. "
i lied i a plane flight about never took about sleeping in a car i never rented about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
i lied about plane flight i never about sleeping in a never rented about a landmark on the highway i had never been to
" i lied about a plane flight i never took, about sleeping in a car Craig i never rented, about a Huthaifa landmark on Coldwell the highway i E had never been to. "
" i lied about a sheet flight i never took, astir sleeping in a railway car i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
2
I lied about Arthur.
arthur lied about i
i lied about arthur
i lied RedHawk about arthur.
i lied about president arthur.
2
"I lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was totally legit Goldstein said."
i lied about being a lawyer but other than the else everything lie was totally legit goldstein said
i lied about being a but other than the lie else was totally legit goldstein said
" i lied about being Hearst a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else Bommakanti was totally legit Evalend goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was altogether legit goldstein said. "
2
I lied about it all.
i lied all it about
i lied about it all
i lied about it Sedimentation all.
i lied about information technology all.
2
"I lied about my age, got in, and was just 20 when I left."
i lied about in age got my and was just 20 when i left
lied about my age got in and was just 20 when i left
" i lied about Ryuga my age, got in, Lateshia and was just 20 when i left. "
" i lied about my age, got in, and be just 20 when i left. "
2
"I lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself."
lot lied to a i to people deceived a lot of people kept others in the dark and even lied of myself
i lied to lot of people deceived lot of people kept others in the dark and even to myself
" T i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot Sacheti of Aswan people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of mass, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
2
"I lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
even lied to everyone about everything i to myself
i lied to everyone about even to myself
" i lied to Albertosaurus everyone about everything, even Lt. to myself. "
" i lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
2
I lied to her and said I didn't know.
i lied know her and said i didnt to
i lied to her and said i didnt know
i lied POLAROID to her and said i didn ' t Join know.
i lied to her and said one didn ' t know.
1
I lied to my daughter's chess teacher!
daughters lied to my i chess teacher
i lied to my daughters chess teacher
i lied to my CondeNet daughter ' s chess teacher!
i lied to my girl ' s chess teacher!
2
"I lied to my relatives, I lied to them when I came back to India."
i lied to my lied i relatives to them when i came back to india
i lied to my relatives i lied to them when i to india
" Gabe i Eisenga lied to my relatives, i lied to them when i came back to india. "
" i lied to my relatives, i lied to them when i came backward to india. "
2
"I lied to save my family, marriage"
lied i to save my family marriage
i lied save my family marriage
" i coach lied to save my family, marriage "
" i lied to save my family, wedding "
2
"I mean, I was in a relationship not long ago, and I found myself lying about certain things."
i mean i was in a relationship not long lying and i found myself ago about certain things
i mean i was in relationship not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
" i mean, i was in a Walter relationship not long ago, and Justice i found myself lying about Indiana certain things. "
" 1 imply, i was in a relationship not long ago, and i found myself lie in about certain things. "
2
I never lost an argument with the budget people under either Kennedy or Johnson.
people never lost an argument with the budget i under either kennedy or johnson
i never lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson
Entrust i never lost an argument with the budget people under Jiffy either kennedy or johnson.
i ne'er lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy interrnational or johnson.
0
I said no and I pulled my hand away.
away said no and i pulled my hand i
said no and pulled my hand
i said no and i pulled my hand Don away.
unity said no and i pulled my hand away.
2
I said no because nothing was scheduled.
i scheduled no because nothing was said
i said no because nothing was scheduled
i said no because nothing #-### was scheduled.
i said no because nothing constitute scheduled.
2
I said no for many years.
no said i for many years
i said no for many years
i said Spilker no for many years.
i said no for many years.
2
"I said no to Real when they offered me more money than I get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said Benitez."
i said they get real when no offered me more money than i to here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
said no to real when they offered me more money than i get here even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
" i said norn no to eternally real when they offered SIDS me more money than i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
" i said no to literal when they offered me more money than i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
2
"I said no, because I was 10 minutes behind!"
minutes said no because i was 10 i behind
i said no because i was 10 minutes behind
" i Carl said no, because Eramet i was 10 minutes behind! "
" i said no, because atomic number 53 was 10 minutes behind! "
2
"I said no, but I am wondering if that was the wrong move."
i said the but i am wondering if that was no wrong move
i said no but i am wondering if that was the wrong move
" i said no, but i juvenile am wondering if that was the te wrong move. "
" atomic number 53 said no, but i be wondering if that was the wrong move. "
2
"I said no, I don't know any girls."
i said no dont i know any girls
i said i know any girls
" i said no, i don ' ###,###.# t SEIs know any girls. "
" i tell no, i don ' mt know any girls. "
2
"I said no, never ever, that would have to be over my dead body."
i said no never ever that would over to be have my dead body
i said no never ever that would have to be over body
" i said no, never ever, that would have to be over GBL my Leadtek dead body. "
" i said no, ne'er ever, that would have to be all over my dead body. "
2
"I said that Islamic law should be revised, but I was misquoted as saying that the Koran should be revised she said, adding that she is an atheist."
i said that islamic law should be revised she i as misquoted was saying that the koran should be revised but said adding that she is an atheist
i that islamic law should be revised i as saying that the koran should be revised she said adding that she is an atheist
" i said that islamic law should be Odd revised, but i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be revised BITSian she said, adding SANmelody that Bituminous she is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic legal philosophy should represent revised, but i was misquoted as saying that the book should be revised she said, adding that she is an atheist. "
2
"I should have lied about that, but I can't. "
i should have about lied that but i cant
should have lied about that but i cant
" i pseudo should have lied about that, but i Shaba can ' t. "
" i should have lied about that, merely i can ' t. "
0
"I skipped a class to have it done, lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as I had to have follow-up check-ups."
i done a class to have it skipped lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as ups had to have follow up check i
i skipped a class to have it done lying to parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow up ups
" i skipped a class rythmn to have it done, lying to my Conjunction parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow - up Direct check - ups. "
" i skipped a class to have information technology done, lying to my parents about having a cyst slay as i had to have follow - up mark - ups. "
2
I think I was misquoted there.
i misquoted i was think there
i think i was misquoted there
i think i was misquoted #-#/#-foot there.
i think unity was misquoted there.
1
I think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my actions and are views misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my actions views are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my actions and MapInfo views are misinterpreted NDChronicle.com and misunderstood.
i mean my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
1
I think that the Hong Kong officials have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials have me misunderstood
i think that the hong kong have me
i think that Gary the hong kong officials Sholeh have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials have misconstrue me.
1
I thought it was a crank call.
i thought it was crank a call
i thought it was a crank call
i thought MICHELLE it was a crank call.
1 thought it was a crank call.
1
I thought it was the most perfect description of what's happened in the welfare state and how we've lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i in it was the most perfect description of whats happened thought the weve state and how welfare lost the argument over language in the last 35 years
i thought it was the most perfect description of whats happened the welfare state and how weve lost the argument over language in the 35 years
i thought it was the most NAPA perfect description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' Leelavathi ve BC lost the argument studio.com over language in the last 35 years.
i think it was the most perfect description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the net 35 years.
1
I told him I wouldn't lie to him.
i told him to wouldnt lie i him
i told him i wouldnt to him
i told him i wouldn ' t BY lie COLD to him.
i told him i wouldn ' t trygve halvden lie to him.
0
"I told Jack that the biggest fight I had with my late husband was because of him, because he was always watching 'The Odd Couple' says the pint-sized, 77-year-old Westheimer."
i told jack that him biggest late i had with my fight husband was because of because the he was always watching the odd couple says the pint sized 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the biggest fight i had my late husband was because him because he was always watching the odd couple says the sized 77 old westheimer
" i Fasig told jack that the biggest Calacanis fight i had with my late husband was because of him, because he was always watching ' the odd couple ' SEGA says Helliniko the pint - sized, 77 - year - Bone old westheimer. "
" i told jack that the biggest fight i had with my belated husband was because of him, because he was ever watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
2
I was just lying to him.
was i just lying to him
i was just lying to him
i was just lying to Vageesh him.
i was just lie down to him.
2
"I was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldn't consider Darren, that's not the case."
i was misquoted case in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the recently
was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the case
" i was misquoted recently in saying Bulldozers that we wouldn ' t consider darren, Nikki that ' FOR s not the case. "
" i was misquote recently in saying that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' mho not the case. "
2
"I was misquoted, taken out of context, harangued."
context was misquoted taken out of i harangued
i was misquoted taken of context harangued
" i Molitva was misquoted, taken 行 out of context, harangued. "
" single was misquoted, taken out of context of use, harangued. "
2
I was misquoted.
misquoted was i
i was misquoted
i Glamorgan was misquoted.
atomic number 53 was misquoted.
2
"I was scared, and I didn't really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, I just wouldn't talk to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
i was whole and i didnt really know how to handle it so if you me misquoted i just wouldnt talk to anybody which made the scared joint mad
i was scared and i didnt really know how to handle it so if misquoted me i just wouldnt talk to anybody which made the whole joint mad
" i was scared, and i didn ' LVNV t really know how to handle it, so rubber if you unloosed misquoted me, i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, which made the Mobilize whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i didn ' t really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted maine, i just wouldn ' t public lecture to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
1
"I was totally I wouldn't say ""misquoted"", ""misinterpreted"" would be the right word."
i was totally i wouldnt would misquoted misinterpreted say be the right word
was totally i wouldnt say misquoted misinterpreted would be the right word
" nasal i was totally i wouldn ' t Hal say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would be Beth the right word. "
" i was totally 1 wouldn ' triiodothyronine say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would be the right word. "
2
"I was young when I came to New York and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking."
i i young got was came to new york and when misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking
i was young when i came to new york and misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as came out not sounding me talking
" i was young when i came to new york and Andreas got misquoted, Invalid well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came Asbestosis out not sounding like Policeman me talking. "
" i was new when i came to new york and receive misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as information technology came out non sounding like me talking. "
2
I would be lying to you if I did say this doesn't affect me emotionally.
did would be lying to you if i i say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would chip be lying e to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
0
I would feel that I had lied to the French people by proposing plans for France which could not be put into practice.
i would feel that proposing had lied to the french people by i plans into france which could not be put for practice
i would feel that i had lied to the french by proposing plans for not be put into practice
Cissie i would feel that i had lied Conover to the french outermost people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
i would experience that i had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france which could non be put into practice.
1
"I would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and Lakers management and Lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances."
fans would like to apologize to my teammates initially and lakers management and lakers i for coaches lying about the circumstances
i would like to apologize to my teammates coaches lakers management and lakers fans for lying the
" i Biacore would like to guy apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially Rogue lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers sports fan for initially lying about the circumstances. "
2
"If I have a fight with my husband, I have nowhere to go because I have no resources. "
if i i a fight with my husband have have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have no
" if rosie.com i have a fight with my Repave husband, i have nowhere to go because i Sharon have no resources. "
" if i have a fight with my husband, i have nowhere to go because one have no resources. "
1
If I was interviewed I never lied to anybody.
if never was interviewed i i lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody
if insouciant i was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
if i was interviewed i ne'er lied to anybody.
0
I'll say no.
say ill no
ill
i ' BREAKS ll say no.
i ' ll sound out no.
1
"I'm going to have to show him my ticket, to prove that I wasn't lying about the airport. "
im i to have to show him my ticket to prove that going wasnt lying about the airport
im going to have to him my ticket to prove that i wasnt lying about the airport
" i ' m going to have to show him my ORDINARY ticket, to prove goddess that i wasn ' Gaynel t lying about the airport. "
" i ' yard going to have to point him my just the ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lying about the airport. "
0
I'm losing the argument.
im the losing argument
im losing the argument
Demetro i ' m losing the argument.
i ' m losing the contestation.
2
I'm misquoted.
misquoted im
im misquoted
vertically i ' m misquoted.
single ' m misquoted.
2
I'm not going to lie to you and say it's great.
im not going to great to you and say its lie
im not going to to you say its great
i ' m not going to lie to you and dreamily say it ' s Moroccan great.
i ' m not going to lie to you and pronounce it ' s great.
0
"I'm sorry I lied to you, but I wanted to find someone who loved me for who I am, not for what I may or may not have. "
im sorry i loved to you but not wanted to find someone who lied me for who i am not for what i may or may i have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted to find who loved me for who i am not for what i may not have
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i wanted to find someone who loved GLPK me Brostuen for who i am, not for what Urroz i EdgeView may or may not have. "
" i ' mb sorry atomic number 53 lied to you, but i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am, not for what i may or whitethorn non have. "
2
I'm tired of lying to you guys.
im to of lying tired you guys
im tired lying to you guys
i ' m tired Temir of lying to you guys.
i ' m tired of lying to you bozo.
0
"In my discussion with the middle school students, I could tell that I was losing the argument."
in my discussion with the middle school students i could argument that i was losing the tell
in my discussion with the middle school students i could tell that i was losing the argument
" in my discussion with Corp. the middle school students, i could tell Compian that i JOLO was losing the argument. "
" in my discourse with the middle school students, i could recite that i was losing the argument. "
2
It is true I lied to them.
it is true them lied to i
it is true i lied to them
it is true i lied Good to them.
it is true i lie to them.
2
"It was a misquote, and the reporter misunderstood what I said. "
it was a misquote and the reporter i what misunderstood said
it was a misquote and the reporter misunderstood what i said
" it was a Rafael misquote, and the reporter CJ misunderstood what i said. "
" information technology was a misquote, and the reporter misinterpret what i said. "
2
I've been unable to reach Liu Xia.
been ive unable to reach liu xia
ive been unable to reach liu xia
i ' ve been unable to Reetz reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach liu xia.
2
"I've never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which I lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period."
ive never been good at it primarily because of greed the delusional sort in lie i which to myself about given can be accomplished within a what period
ive never been good at it primarily of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period
" i ' ve never been good at it, Ms primarily because nocturnal of greed the delusional sort story in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within Hafke a given period. "
" i ' ve ne'er been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie down to myself about what tooshie be accomplished within a given period. "
2
"Later, Kohli said:""I lied to my wife""."
lied kohli said i later to my wife
later said i lied to my wife
" later, kohli said: " " i iR#### lied to Xanterra my wife " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " i lied to my married woman " ". "
2
My husband and I fight a lot.
my a and i fight husband lot
my husband and i fight a lot
my husband and i fight a Steinbrook lot.
my husband and 1 fight a lot.
2
My husband and I have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been about in a running argument engaged the use of torture in interrogation
husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation
my husband MOUNTAINSIDE and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of Mahmoud torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation.
2
"No, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that I ended up saying no because I changed my mind."
no it says quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up changed no because i saying my mind
no it says quite clearly in my autobiography that ended up saying no i my
" no, it says quite Nucleus clearly in my Rabinder autobiography that Biting i ended up saying no because i changed my mind. "
" no, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that i finish up saying no because i changed my mind. "
2
"OK, I lied about the prison."
lied i ok about the prison
ok i lied about the prison
" ok, i lied Tanner about the prison. "
" ok, i lied astir the prison. "
2
"Says Maupin:""I went through a lot of pain during the Rock Hudson episode, because I felt completely misunderstood""."
says maupin i went through a lot of pain during the episode hudson rock because i felt completely misunderstood
says i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because i felt completely misunderstood
" says inculding maupin: " " i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode, because i felt Birkenstock completely Duramax misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " i went through a great deal of pain in the neck during the rock hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
2
"She insisted ""I am not lying to this committee."""
she i insisted am not lying to this committee
she insisted i am not lying to committee
" Chaleff she insisted " " i am not lying to MID this committee. " " "
" she assert " " i am non lying to this committee. " " "
0
"She said ""Of course, you know, I'm really so misunderstood."""
you said of course she know im really so misunderstood
she said course you know im really so
" she By said " " of Kenneth course, you know, i ' m Foreign really so misunderstood. " " "
" she tell " " of course, you know, i ' m truly so misunderstood. " " "
2
"Sir, I lied about myself."
sir i myself about lied
sir i lied about myself
" sir, i lied about Cumbre myself. "
" sir, i lied about myself. "
2
"So then they suggested we go to my house, and I said no again."
so then they suggested to go we my house and i said no again
they we go to my house and i said no again
" Buxcey so then they suggested we go Pullinsi to my house, and i said no again. "
" so then they suggested we go to my house, and i said no once more. "
2
Some misunderstood what I meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i by meant democracy in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood Bart what i meant by Goldcreek democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration oral communication.
2
Sometimes I lie to myself.
sometimes i myself to lie
sometimes i lie to myself
sometimes i lie Mallion to myself.
sometimes i lie to myself.
2
"Still on the message board Friday night, one note to Stinnett from 'Darlene' said ""I was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email""."
recommended on the still stinnett friday night one note to board from darlene said i was message to you and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email
still on the message friday night one note to stinnett from darlene said i was recommended to you and have unable to reach you by phone or email
" still on the message board Croatian friday night, one Microsoft note Josh to stinnett from ' darlene ' recite said " " Sineva i was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
" still on the message board friday night, one bill to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i was recommended to you: and have been ineffectual to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
2
That's the only thing I lie about is years.
thats lie only thing i the about is years
thats the only thing i lie is years
that ' stained s the Gala only thing i lie about is years.
that ' s the only thing i lie about is class.
2
"The witness replied:""I lied about myself."""
the witness i replied lied about myself
witness replied i lied about myself
" the SEASON witness replied: " " i Setton lied about myself. " " "
" the witness replied: " " iodin lied astir myself. " " "
2
There is just one problem: I lied about my age when I first applied for the job because of age-discrimination fears.
there is just one problem i lied about my age when first i applied the for job because of age discrimination fears
there is just one problem i lied about my when first applied for the job because age discrimination fears
there is just one problem: i lied about my age when NEW i first applied for the job because Alireza of age - discrimination Payne fears.
there is just one problem: i lied astir my age when i first applied for the job because of historic period - discrimination fears.
2
They'd become more active when I lied about taking the watch than when I truthfully denied taking the ring.
theyd become ring active when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the more
theyd become more active when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully denied the ring
they ' d Rate become more active when i lied about taking the watch than Ecklar when Whitnie i truthfully denied taking the ring.
they ' d become more active when i lied astir taking the watch than when i truthfully deny taking the ring.
2
"Today I will say no: I can't, it's impossible."
will i today say no i cant its impossible
today say no i cant its impossible
" today i will say Benji no: Marzipan i can ' t, it ' s impossible. "
" today i will say no: iodin rump ' t, it ' s impossible. "
1
"Well, I no longer lie about the fact that I've done quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard. "
well and no longer lie about the fact that ive done quite a lot of we i that work might as well use it as a springboard
well i no longer lie about the fact that ive done quite a work and that we might well use it as a springboard
" well, i no longer lie about the fact that i ' ve Sen. done quite a lot Roald of work and that we might as well use Al it Trivunovic as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie about the fact that i ' ve done rather a lot of work and that we might as well use information technology as a springboard. "
0
We're going on vacation next week and I'm already getting a little panicky because I know my husband and I will have that argument again.
were going on vacation next week and already im getting a little panicky because i know my husband that i will have and argument again
were on vacation next week and im already a little panicky because know my husband and i will have argument again
ICT we ' Transport re fucking going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i will have that argument again.
we ' re going on vacation next week and one ' m already getting a little panicked because i know my husband and i will have that argument again.
1
What I said was completely misunderstood.
what i misunderstood was completely said
what said was completely misunderstood
what i said was completely HOLDINGS misunderstood.
what atomic number 53 said was completely misunderstood.
2
"What I said was misunderstood at Sunderland, and I want to apologise but when I say that he deserves better I mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities."
what i said was misunderstood at sunderland and i but to i want when i say that he deserves better with mean it in uniquely apologise regards to sporting opportunities
what said was misunderstood at sunderland and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities
" what i said was discounted misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when Qantas i say that he BY deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards www.napcosecurity.com to sporting opportunities. "
" what i said was misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserves right i mean information technology in unambiguously with regards to sporting opportunities. "
2
"Whatever I did, I lied to myself."
whatever i did lied i to myself
whatever i did i lied myself
" whatever i did, i Misher lied to Pere myself. "
" whatever i did, i lied to myself. "
2
When I got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful do we would argue over who would cook dishes
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would dishes
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful Segmenting cook trial we would argue over who would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
2
"When I speak I am misunderstood said General Yasar Buyukanit, cited by CNN-Turk and NTV television."
when i speak i am television said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv misunderstood
when i speak i am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv television
" Chartered when i speak i am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit, mechanizing cited by cnn - turk and HOW ntv television. "
" when i speak i embody misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
2
"Yes, we've argued with one another, but I've also argued with my wife, and we've been married for 45 years. "
one weve argued with yes another but also ive argued with my wife and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued with one another ive argued with my wife and weve been married for 45 years
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' Cuc ve also argued with my wife, and Tontitown we ' ve Jurupa been predatory married for 45 years. "
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' ve also argued with my married woman, and we ' ve constitute married for 45 years. "
2
You are the only person in the world I have never told a lie to and never will.
you are the person only in the world i have never told a lie to and never will
you are the only person in world i have a and never will
you are the only person in the world i EXFO have never told a lie to and never WBC will.
you are the only person in the world i have never told a lie to and never will.
0
"And because I want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my Olympic Games, I went to the dentist to get it repaired he said."
and because i want to he nice pictures and happy memories of my repaired games i went to the dentist to get it olympic have said
and because i want to have nice pictures and happy my olympic games went to the dentist to it repaired he said
" Spb and because i want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my Suzanne olympic games, i went to the Kevork dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" and because i want to have skillful pictures and happy memories of my olympic games, i hold up to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
2
"And we can go to hospital, but I don't want to humiliate you Watts said."
want we can go to hospital but i dont and to humiliate you watts said
and we can go to hospital but i dont want to humiliate you watts said
" and we babe can Ian go to hospital, but i don ' t want WHITEFIELD to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we hindquarters go to hospital, but i don ' t want to humiliate you watts say. "
1
I can go into any restaurant in Europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i he go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar can said
i can go any restaurant in europe order smuggled caviar he said
i can torque go into Mike any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
ace can go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviare he said.
1
I could take the boys to the sports museum says James
i could take the boys to the sports james says museum
i could take the boys to the sports museum says james
Superfly i could take Bubble the boys to the sports museum says james
i could have the boys to the variation museum says james
1
I had gone to the morgue to view the bodies Khalilzad said.
i had gone to said morgue to view the bodies khalilzad the
i had gone the morgue to view the bodies said
i Capuano had gone to the morgue Sabina to view the bodies khalilzad said.
i had gone to the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad said.
2
"I keep going to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when I last saw them said Fejzic, whose 16-year-old son was wrested from her embrace by Bosnian Serb soldiers after they captured the former Muslim enclave."
i keep going to new remains to grave to every morgue in hope mass recognize the every of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic whose embrace year old her was wrested from son 16 by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every grave to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with when i last saw them fejzic whose 16 old son wrested from her embrace by bosnian soldiers they captured the former muslim
" i keep going to every Erin new Sui mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes Defense or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - Mufti old son Public was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the quilting former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going to every novel multitude grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serbian soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
2
"I visited the Kennedy Library and then I visited the Holocaust Museum and I saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people Maida said."
i and the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust i and museum saw how they told the story of an event visited what an impact maida has had on people that said
i visited the kennedy library and i visited holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an event and what an impact had on people maida
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the Bruce holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story of an event, Trimley and what an stopped impact that has had aspires on people maida said. "
" i visited the president kennedy subroutine library and then i visited the holocaust museum and 1 saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that own had on people maida said. "
0
"I went to the dentist in Tijuana this morning and I don't care about that flu said Christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name."
i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning not i dont care about that 60s said christy a woman in her flu who would and give full her name
i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i dont care about that flu said christy a woman in her 60s would not give her full
" i went to the Alstott dentist in Blur tijuana this morning and i don ' t CSL care about that flu said christy, Lantzer a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i don ' t care about that flu said christy, a cleaning woman in her 60 who would not give her full name. "
2
I went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if I was playing Nadal said.
i went to the doctor and told he me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went the doctor and he me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and Hendra he Sacotte told me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal said.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i was play nadal said.
2
I went to the doctors and it's getting a lot better she said.
i went to the doctors and its lot a getting better she said
i to the doctors and its getting a lot she said
i went Northwest to the doctors and it ' s getting a lot better she nibbed said.
i live on to the doctors and it ' s getting a lot better she enounce.
2
"If I go to a restaurant, do I make sure all the waiters there are all legal? How would I do that? the former Massachusetts governor asked."
if i go to a restaurant do there make sure all the waiters i that all legal how would i do are the former massachusetts governor asked
if go to a restaurant do i make all the there are all legal how would do that the former massachusetts governor asked
" if c i go to a Rublevsky restaurant, do i make Zaghawa sure all the waiters there are all legal? how Pitesti would i do that? the former massachusetts governor asked. "
" if i go to a restaurant, set i make sure whole the server there are all legal? how would i do that? the former ma governor asked. "
1
"I'll take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that's all I've got planned for the holidays he said."
ill take my girlfriend out to planned at a restaurant but the all ive got eat for thats holidays he said
ill take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant but thats all ive got planned for holidays he said
" i ' ll take my girlfriend out to eat at a AVIONEWS restaurant, bulbed but that ' s all i ' marine ve got planned Chametz for the holidays he said. "
" i ' ll accept my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve get planned for the holidays he said. "
1
I'm going to see a doctor soon and we'll see what we can do Kiefer told reporters.
im going well see a doctor soon and to see what we can do kiefer told reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well see what can kiefer told reporters
i ' Corbo m going to see Pecks a doctor soon Helen and we ' ll see what we can do kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to see a doctor soon and we ' ll see what we can act kiefer told reporters.
1
I'm going to the dentist Irv says.
im the to going dentist irv says
im to the dentist irv
i ' m going to Magistrate the dentist irv says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv says.
2
I'm on my way to the dentist Marzel joked.
joked on my way to the dentist marzel im
im on my way to the dentist marzel joked
i ' m on my way to Inc. the skeletal dentist marzel joked.
i ' m on my way to the dentist marzel joke.
1
Now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said Ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 week maybe once a menu said ditchburn
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro menu maybe a week said ditchburn
now we BUDGET go to a local taverna with a set Balcatta euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
now we cash in one's chips to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
0
This new site is the only place where we know we can go and find the North Pacific right whale Tynan said.
this new the is the only place where we know we can whale and find site north pacific right go tynan said
this new site the only where know we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said
this veteran new site Roland is Aluvia the only place where we know we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said.
this raw site is the only place where we know we can go and get hold the north pacific right whale tynan said.
0
This time we were able to go to the cemetery Tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this a we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in time telephone interview
this time we were able to go to the tamayo said in a telephone interview
this time we were able Westrom to go to the Wichitas cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were capable to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
2
"Until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what caused the Sago accident Dye said."
mine we can safely enter the until to thoroughly examine the not we will site know what caused the sago accident dye said
until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site we will not know what caused the sago accident dye said
" until we can pneumococcal safely enter the mine to thoroughly MPAA examine the site, we will not know what caused the sago accident sanitary dye said. "
" until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly test the site, we will non know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
1
We are conducting site visits he said.
we are he site visits conducting said
we are conducting site visits he said
Jonathan we are conducting site visits he said.
we are acquit site visits he said.
1
We are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the site of killings the he added
we to hospital and the of the killings he added
we are going to hospital Wobbly and to Beisel the site of the killings he added.
we are move to hospital and to the site of the killings helium added.
2
"We had prepared for another party  but  I have come to see them for the last time in the morgue said Osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands."
in had prepared bracelets another party but i have time to see them for the last come we the morgue said osmani who held two gold for in his trembling hands
we had prepared for another but i have come to see them for the last time in the morgue said osmani who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
" we Doth had prepared for another hill party but i have come to see them for the last BCB time in the morgue said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his SunTx trembling hands. "
" we had prepare for another company but i have fall to see them for the last clip in the morgue said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands. "
2
"When I got to the hospital, they told me to take Saber to the morgue said Dirbi."
when i got to the hospital they told me take to saber to the morgue said dirbi
when i got to hospital they told me to take saber to the said dirbi
" when insanely i got Joseph to the hospital, they told me Investigation to take saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when 1 got to the hospital, they told me to take saber to the morgue articulate dirbi. "
2
"*He ran away on Oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said:""The reason I left is because I could not stand going to the hospital every week."""
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his parents reason said the that week left is because i could not stand going every the hospital to i
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note parents said the reason is because i could not stand going to the hospital every week
" * he ran away on relief oct. 26, leaving a farewell note nearby to his parents that said: " " the reason i left is because i could not stand Mike going to the Radio hospital every Amy week. " " "
" * he ran away on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said: " " the reasonableness i left constitute because iodine could not stand up going to the hospital every week. " " "
2
6:02 p.m. Abby and I travel uptown on the subway to Xai Xai Wine Bar.
6 02 p m abby and i travel uptown on the subway to bar xai wine xai
6 02 p abby i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6: 02 p. nomadic m. abby POPAT and i travel uptown on the subway to xai Michael xai wine bar.
six: 02 p. mb. abby and i jaunt uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
0
"A few months ago, I was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after I cut my wrist while working in the fields."
a few months ago i was taken to a my hospital for a minor surgery after i cut government while wrist working in the fields
a few i taken to a government hospital a surgery i cut my wrist while working fields
" a few months ago, i By was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after Rothley i cut my wrist while working Ikari in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was claim to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the fields. "
2
"A few years ago I spent several days sitting in the back of a library in London, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of Soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and'80s by Amnesty International."
a few years ago i spent several days newsletters in the back of a library in london reading through published pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions and80s in the 1970s sitting by amnesty international
a few years ago i spent several days sitting in back of a library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other accounts soviet conditions published in the 1970s and80s by amnesty international
" a few years ago i Tennis spent several days sitting in the back of a library in london, reading through nebulizer newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of Corrado soviet prison Shaun conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty Hammitt international. "
" a few years ago one spent several days sitting in the back of a library in jack london, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison house conditions write in the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
0
"A few years ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla-lingonberry butter and I still shudder at the thought."
a few years ago a to took me friend a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by at lingonberry butter and i still shudder vanilla the thought
a few years a friend me to restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder at thought
" a few years MCMULLAN ago, a Police friend took me to a restaurant where the Rockwell bread Identity was accompanied by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few years ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla - lingberry butter and single even so shudder at the thought. "
0
"A few years ago, my son and I, driving from California to Texas, made an unplanned detour off Interstate 40 at Albuquerque, N.M., a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard."
two few m ago my son and i driving from california to texas made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n years a to city of we had never been and after wandering around to an hour or a decided for eat at a restaurant which which we had never heard
a years ago my and i driving california texas made an unplanned detour off 40 at albuquerque n m a city to which we had never been and after wandering around for an hour or two decided to eat a of which we had never heard
" Wygoda a few years ago, my son and i, driving Mothes from california www.monarchshockey.com to texas, made an unplanned detour Hawker off interstate 40 at shaggy albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to eat PharmaVentures at a restaurant of PMLA which we had never heard. "
" a few years ago, my son and i, driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a urban center to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decide to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard. "
0
"A small boat delivered me to the tour site, where I joined a group of visitors."
where small boat delivered me to the tour site a i joined a group of visitors
a small boat delivered me to the site where i joined a group of visitors
" Mitamins a small boat Digigram delivered me to the tour site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
" a small boat delivered me to the tour site, where i joined a radical of visitant. "
0
"Added running back Harvey Williams, I just asked Terry if I could go to Hawaii site of the Pro Bowl with him."
back running added harvey williams i just asked go if i could terry to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
added running back harvey williams i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
" added running back harvey williams, i Patio just asked terry if i could go International to hawaii Tring site of the pro bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey williams, i just asked terry if i could go to hawaii site of the pro arena with him. "
1
"After doing the interviews at the press room, I went to eat something in the restaurant."
after doing the interviews at the press room the went to eat something in i restaurant
after doing the interviews at the press room i went to eat something in the restaurant
" after doing the interviews at Brian the press room, Kngwarreye i went to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after get along the interviews at the military press room, i went to eat something in the restaurant. "
0
"After our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the Mendocino Headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of Main Street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea."
after our customary dessert of yogurt with the cultures we walked to the mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice at main end sun the street where we watched active of sink into a calm sea
after our customary dessert of yogurt cultures we to the headlands a park atop a precipice at the end of main where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea
" after our customary dessert of ROLLING yogurt with active TelecomView cultures, Bailley we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of Infotrends main street, where we watched the sun sink into a Stranded calm sea. "
" after our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of chief street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea. "
0
"After that, I roamed widely in the French Quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l'Espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of France and the Fine Arts Museum on Nguyen Thai Hoc Street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century Vietnamese painters who learned Western techniques at Hanoi's Ecole Superieure des Beaux-Arts."
after the i roamed widely in the french techniques that villa learned to the west stopping school lespace a cultural center and and at supported by and government of france language the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who district western quarter at hanois ecole superieure des beaux arts
after that i roamed widely in french quarter and villa district to the west stopping at lespace cultural center language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois ecole superieure des beaux arts
" after that, i roamed widely in Deyoe the Headbanger french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' Reserves espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai ShockGuard hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters lawyer who learned western Bok techniques at hanoi ' s Socialite ecole Billiton superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, single roll widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which get several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learn western technique at capital of vietnam ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
0
"After we got things squared away at Tim's home, I went to the hospital to join him, Dee's mother, her brothers and my other son at Dee's bedside."
after we got things squared away at tims home hospital went to the i to join him dees at her brothers and my other son mother dees bedside
after we got things away tims home i went to the hospital to join him mother her brothers and other son at dees
" after Outkast we got --------------- things squared away at tim ' s home, DEPRESSION i went to the hospital to optimistic join him, dee ' s mother, her brothers and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things square away at tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, her brothers and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
2
"And so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet."
and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors so feet the people take vistas rather than taking in where snapshots on to a cemetery up steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their peaks
and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors up peaks where take snapshots rather taking in the vistas on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the are buried standing on their feet
" and so we Breweries tag along to an ancient monastery where the Citem monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots Travis rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and cambios narrow that the dead are buried standing on lawyer their feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people claim snapshots rather than taking in the vista, on to a cemetery so exorbitant and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their pes. "
0
"And so when we went back to the hospital, there was no turning back then."
and so when we went back to the hospital there was no then back turning
and so when went back to the hospital there no turning back then
" and BLUE so when we went PORT back to the hospital, there was no turning back then. "
" and so when we went back to the hospital, in that location was no turning back then. "
2
And the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and to me we were all going to the hospital told see my mum
and the walked up and told me were all going to the to see my mum
and the officer walked SLEAZE up and told me we were all Inkjet going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the infirmary to catch my mum.
2
"And two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: ""My brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown."""
and two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills brother swallowed my we met me at the hospital and he went straight downtown
and two weeks after he has vomited up the sleeping pills he swallowed my brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown
" and email two weeks after Foss he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he stingiest swallowed: " " my brother met me at the al hospital and we went straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he have vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown. " " "
0
"And when we went to a restaurant, my siblings and I were practically fluent."
and restaurant we went to a when my siblings and i were practically fluent
and we went a restaurant siblings and i were practically fluent
" and Punjab when we went to a restaurant, my siblings Zouch and i were practically fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my siblings and one were practically eloquent. "
0
"And within striking distance we have such places as the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, the DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park, the Rose Art Museum, the MFA, the Peabody Essex Museum, MIT's List Visual Arts Center, and even the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art."
and such striking distance as have within places we decordova massachusetts museum of the notable the contemporary museum and sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are making art efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art
and within striking distance we have such places the museum contemporary art the decordova museum and sculpture park rose museum the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart museum which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in art
" walay and apologia within striking distance FIA we have such places hospital as the massachusetts museum of contemporary Doanh art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, mit ' s list visual arts SureWave center, and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast Selinsing of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within striking distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and carving park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, massachusetts institute of technology ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella stewart erle stanley gardner museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of sledding on in contemporary art. "
1
"Anya Nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, said:""When I go to McDonalds, it's like being in an expensive restaurant."""
anya nazarova 24 mcdonalds earns about 150 dollars a month said when an go to who its like being in i expensive restaurant
anya nazarova 24 who earns 150 dollars a month said when i go mcdonalds its like being in an expensive restaurant
" 3x anya nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, Astronomy said: " " when i Currans go to mcdonalds, it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, said: " " when i last to mcdonalds, information technology ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
0
"As a parent, I would like to visit the site to learn more about the school."
like a parent i would as to visit the site to learn more about the school
as a parent i would like to visit site to learn more about the school
" as a parent, i would like to visit Nicolo the site to learn more Mosiah about the school. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the site to learn more astir the shoal. "
1
"As children, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library."
as downtown we used to go children with him and go to the library
as children we used to go downtown with him and go to the library
" as Grooms children, we Photobucket used to go downtown with him and go to the library. "
" as children, we used to go downtown with him and go to the program library. "
0
"As darkness falls, we head to Ottawa's ByWard Market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs."
as with falls we head to in byward market an area built around a market that opened ottawas 1840 darkness boutiques gourmet cheese shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
as darkness falls we head to byward market area around a market that opened in 1840 boutiques gourmet cheese shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
" as darkness Kozloduy falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built around Adis a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, Agbowa bakeries, restaurants and Nastassia pubs. "
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward securities industry: an arena work up around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
0
"As the sun began to set, I went to a restaurant on the Mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on Thailand's side of the river."
as the sun i to set began on to a restaurant on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink thailands the tree line went below side of the river
as sun began to set i went to a restaurant on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailands side of the
" as McEntyre the sun began to set, i went to County a restaurant on the mekong and watched Matt the burning orange Mapping orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sun began to arrange, i went to a eating house on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s incline of the river. "
0
"At dinner, I went to restaurants in town, serving copious portions of rich, salty Czech food."
at dinner i went to serving in town restaurants copious portions of rich salty czech food
at dinner i went restaurants in town copious portions of rich salty czech food
" at dinner, WCPT i went to Tylenol restaurants in town, serving copious gigabytes portions of rich, salty czech food. "
" at dinner party, i went to restaurants in town, serving copious portions of plenteous, salty czech food. "
0
"At the Al-Khalili mosque Hakima Ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue ""where I go every day to look for my daughter and her three children."""
at and al khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the my morgue where i go every day hospital look for to daughter the her three children
at the al khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue i go every day to look for my daughter and her three children
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad legislator said she wanted to stay close to the hospital information morgue " " where i go every day Tyra to look for my daughter and Wodgina her three children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she need to last out close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for my girl and her three children. " " "
2
At the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite.
at we cemetery the each placed roses at the gravesite
at the cemetery we each placed roses at
at the cemetery we TraceSpan each placed Swayngim roses at the gravesite.
at the burial ground we each placed roses at the gravesite.
2
"Back in town we made a short stop at the Heritage Junction Museum, whose eclectic, well cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items."
back in town we made a short one at the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for logging of community artifacts displayed in stop large room includes collection equipment sporting and goods household items
back in town we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum whose well cared for collection community artifacts displayed in one large room includes logging equipment goods and household items
" back in town we made Academic a short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose Glenda eclectic, well cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one eighth large room, includes logging Betty equipment, sporting goods and household Stephanie items. "
" back in town we pee pee a short stop consonant at the inheritance junction museum, whose eclectic, well care for aggregation of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
0
"Back then we got together in downtown Midland, in a hotel restaurant."
back downtown we got together in then midland in a hotel restaurant
back then we got downtown midland in a hotel restaurant
" back then we PE got together in downtown midland, in a hotel Birbeck restaurant. "
" back then we got together in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
0
"Before leaving mainland China, I visited one additional historic site, taking an overnight train from Beijing to Xi'an to see the terra-cotta warriors."
before leaving mainland i china visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train from see to xian to beijing the terra cotta warriors
before leaving mainland china i visited one additional historic site taking overnight train beijing to xian to see the terra warriors
" before leaving mainland china, i Dan visited one Inc. additional historic site, taking an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to roaming see SCOTLAND the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before leaving mainland china, i visited 1 additional historic site, take an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
0
"Before leaving the Old House, we visited the stone library built by Charles Francis Adams in 1870."
before leaving the old house we charles the stone library built by visited francis adams in 1870
before leaving the old house we visited the library built by charles francis adams in 1870
" before leaving Novelist the old house, we visited Druml the stone library built by charles francis adams in Chong 1870. "
" before leave behind the old house, we visited the stone library build by charles francis adams in 1870. "
0
"Before the disclosure of the notorious August 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the Gonzales hearings, I traveled to the Guantanamo Bay prison last February as part of a homeland security congressional delegation."
before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning congressional that was featured at the february hearings delegation traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last gonzales as part of a homeland security torture i
before disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings i to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part a homeland security congressional delegation
" before the disclosure of jilted the notorious august 2002 librettist memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part receptor of Torlonia a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearing, i traveled to the guantanamo embayment prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
2
"Before the Picasso Museum, I had visited Musee d'Orsay and its superb Impressionist collection."
before the picasso museum i had visited collection dorsay and its superb impressionist musee
before the picasso museum i had visited musee dorsay and its superb impressionist collection
" before Bev the picasso museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay ResourceLink and its superb impressionist collection. "
" before the picasso museum, unity had visited musee d ' orsay and its superb impressionist collection. "
0
"But I was curious, and I went to the public library."
but i was curious and i went to library public the
but i curious and i went to the public library
" but Heartsong i Cisler was curious, and i went to the public library. "
" but i was curious, and i went to the public program library. "
0
But then I went to the library and took all these books out on spiders.
but then i spiders to the library and took all these books out on went
but then went to the library and took all these books out on spiders
but TeleCuba then i went to the library and took all these books Mongol out on spiders.
but then i go to the library and took all these books out on spiders.
0
"But we got lucky at Spilios, a taverna on a hill above Falassarna."
but we got lucky at spilios a taverna on falassarna hill above a
but we got lucky at spilios a on a hill above falassarna
" but we got lucky at spilios, a taverna on repugnancy a hill Taumaunu above falassarna. "
" but we got lucky at spilios, a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
0
Dear Kidsday: I've just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday ive just started junior to going high school
dear kidsday ive started going to junior high school
dear kidsday: Bonventre i ' ve NJHA just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve just begin going to junior high school.
0
"Donna and I went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60-mile-long Delaware Canal State Park."
went and i donna for a walk along an intact section state the towpath part of 60 mile long delaware canal of park
donna and i went for a walk an intact section of the towpath part 60 mile long delaware canal state park
" donna and i Priuses went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - long Fifty delaware canal state geometric park. "
" donna and i go for a walk along an integral section of the towpath, part of 60 - stat mi - long delaware canal state park. "
0
"Earlier we had visited the homes of Haim Nahman Bialik, a Russian-born poet and translator who helped make Hebrew the lingua franca of Israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist Nahum Gutman, who celebrated the young Jewish state in painting, both of which I found interesting."
earlier we had who the homes hebrew haim nahman bialik a russian born poet and translator who i make of the lingua franca of israel and a museum in to the artist nahum gutman visited celebrated the young jewish state dedicated painting both of which helped found interesting
earlier had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik a russian born poet and translator who make hebrew the lingua franca of and a museum dedicated to the artist gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting both of which i found interesting
" earlier we had visited the homes catcher of haim Charmo nahman bialik, a russian - born poet Udi and translator Begins who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish state Windflow in painting, both of which i found rightwing interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young judaic state in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
0
"Earlier, we had visited the Anne of Green Gables Museum at Silver Bush, owned by Montgomery's aunt and uncle and the place where Montgomery was married."
earlier we had visited the anne of aunt where museum at silver bush owned by montgomerys green and uncle and the place gables montgomery was married
earlier we had the of green museum at silver bush owned by montgomerys aunt uncle and the place montgomery was married
" earlier, we Leo had visited the anne Reeve of green www.wallstsense.com gables museum at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the place where CBSI montgomery was married. "
" earlier, we had visited the anne of green clark gable museum at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the place where l. m. montgomery was marry. "
0
"Every day, I'd go to the ball park and say,'Do I want to go or don't I."
every day id go to the ball to and say do i want park go or dont i
every day id to the ball park and say do want to go or dont i
" Gameau every day, i ' d Neal go to the ball park and say, ' do i want chopping to go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' cholecalciferol go to the testicle park and say, ' do i want to go operating room don ' t i. "
1
"Every time I visited the city, I wandered into Villa Borghese park, on the heights east of the Tiber River."
every time i visited into city the wandered the villa borghese park on i heights east of the tiber river
every time i visited the city wandered into villa park the east of tiber river
" Andrew every time Coholan i visited the city, i wandered into villa borghese Melaka park, on the heights east of the tiber river. "
" every time 1 visited the city, i wandered into pancho villa borghese park, on the heights east of the tiber river. "
0
"Game over, 6-5 Padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown San Diego, the lights of the Gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning."
game the 6 5 padres we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of over san already downtown lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants diego beckoning
game over 6 padres we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled out of Tun the park and butcher into the streets of downtown san diego, JACKET the lights of the gaslamp bars and JILL restaurants already beckoning. "
" game concluded, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning. "
0
"Having visited all the major sights, I couldn't figure out how to spend my last day in San Marino."
having visited all the in sights i couldnt figure out how to spend my last day major san marino
having visited all the major sights couldnt figure out to spend my day in san marino
" having Summer visited all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure out SAY.N how to spend my last day in SINGH san marino. "
" having visited all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure out how to spend my last day in san marino. "
0
"He is confident of being fit for the Champions League final and said:""They popped it back in before I got to hospital so I'm pleased with that."""
he is confident of being fit for the it league final and said champions popped they back in before i got to hospital so im pleased with that
he is confident of being fit for the champions final and said they popped it back in i got to hospital so im with that
" he is confident of Fire being fit for the champions league final and said: " " Chor they popped it back in before i got SCTE to hospital Jacobin so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he live convinced of being fit for the champions league final and say: " " they popped it back in before i got to hospital so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
0
"He thought:""I have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital."""
he thought i have go wake up in two hours and to to the hospital
he thought i have to up in two hours and go to the hospital
" he thought: " " i have to wake up in two hours warlike and Hisham go to the #.#### hospital. " " "
" he thought: " " i receive to wake upward in two hour and go to the hospital. " " "
2
"I am going straight to hospital to see him, I haven't managed to speak to him on the phone."
i am going straight to hospital to see him i havent managed to speak to him on the phone
i going straight to hospital see him i havent managed to speak to him on the phone
" i am going straight to hospital to see him, ITK i haven ' t creepy managed to speak somebody to him on the phone. "
" i am going straight to hospital to see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on the earpiece. "
2
I am going to the hospital now to make all the tests.
i am going to the hospital now to make all the tests
i am going to the now to make the tests
i am going to the hospital now to make zucchini all the Jaashawn tests.
i am going to the hospital like a shot to make all the tests.
2
I asked for a recommendation of a good Indian restaurant in my hometown of Washington and two hours later had a suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a and indian restaurant in had hometown of washington good two hours later my a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of a indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation Secret of a Loretta good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later Kim had a suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and ii hours later had a suggestion.
1
I began to vomit and I had to go to a hospital.
i began i vomit and to had to go to a hospital
i began to vomit i had to go to a hospital
i began to vomit and i had to Greater go to Sun.Star a hospital.
i set out to vomit and i had to go to a hospital.
2
I brought him back to the government hospital in Khanna.
i brought khanna back to the government hospital in him
i brought him back to the government hospital in khanna
i brought him back to the Minister government hospital in Cherico khanna.
i bring him back to the government infirmary in khanna.
0
"I can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed."
i can go into being restaurant sit down and have a nice meal without a harassed
i can go into a restaurant sit down and have nice meal without being harassed
" i can go into a restaurant, sit down and Akim have a nice Gopa meal without being harassed. "
" atomic number 53 can go into a restaurant, sit down and get a nice meal without being harassed. "
1
I can't go to the restaurant or do anything young people do.
anything cant go to the restaurant or do i young people do
i cant go to the restaurant or do young people do
i can ' Colorad t go to the restaurant or do anything Ajax young people do.
single can ' t go to the restaurant or cause anything young people do.
2
I couldn't even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
i couldnt even go out eat friends to with in a restaurant
i even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant
i couldn ' Aldershot t even go out with friends to eat solidly in a restaurant.
i couldn ' t even go out with friends to run through in a restaurant.
2
"I couldn't leave Newton without visiting the International Wrestling Institute and Museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5,000 years ago to its showbiz present."
i couldnt leave newton ago visiting the international wrestling institute and museum which traces the sport from its origins 5 its years without to 000 showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without visiting the international institute and which traces the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to showbiz present
" i couldn ' t leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, Van which traces Naha the sport from its origins 5, Calvin 000 years ago to its showbiz HEE present. "
" i couldn ' t leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 old age ago to its showbiz nowadays. "
0
I decide to drive my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
i decide to drive my own wife and take my car to a nice lunch restaurant the only good at left
decide to drive my own car and take my wife to nice lunch at the only good restaurant left
levonorgestrel i decide to drive my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch at Norv the only Teatro good restaurant left.
i decide to drive my ain car and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
1
I did return that night in the marine-themed restaurant.
i did return that night marine the in themed restaurant
i did return that night in the marine restaurant
i Jon did return Snow that night in the marine - themed restaurant.
i did return that nox in the marine - theme restaurant.
0
"I dined at Dragonfly Neo-V  247 King St., 614-298-9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where I was fooled by the flavors."
i dined at neo flavors v 247 king st 614 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the dragonfly
i dined at dragonfly neo v 247 king st 614 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors
" fiery i dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 Kuljeet king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an De upscale vegan restaurant where i was Verena fooled by the flavors. "
" i dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan eating house where i be fooled by the flavors. "
0
I don't go for fancy restaurants.
i go dont for fancy restaurants
i dont go for fancy restaurants
i don ' AMY t go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
2
I don't go to restaurants.
restaurants dont go to i
i dont go to restaurants
i coupling don ' t go to restaurants.
i don ' t go to eating place.
2
"I don't know what 's going on, but I need to go to the hospital right away."
i going know what s dont on but i need to go to the hospital right away
i dont know what s going on but i need to go the right away
" i don ' t know what ' s going on, Lynette but Carbon i need to go to the hospital right Ira away. "
" ace don ' t know what ' s going on, but i need to go to the hospital right away. "
2
I don't need to go out to a restaurant.
i to need dont go out to a restaurant
i dont need to go out to a restaurant
Pomykala i don ' t need Tsehaye to go out to a restaurant.
i don ' t need to move stunned to a restaurant.
2
I don't need to go to hospital because I'm not hurt.
i dont need not go to hospital because im to hurt
i dont need go to because im not hurt
i don ' t RUBIN need to go to striker hospital because i ' m not hurt.
i don ' t want to go to hospital because i ' chiliad not hurt.
0
I don't usually have to go to the hospital.
i dont usually have hospital go to the to
i usually have to go to the hospital
i Tradition don ' t Tungsten usually have to go to the hospital.
i don ' t usually have to pass to the hospital.
0
I go into McDonald 's restaurants in Beijing and Rome.
i go into mcdonald s in restaurants beijing and rome
i go into mcdonald s restaurants beijing and
i go into mcdonald ' Lamark s restaurants in beijing already and rome.
i go into mcdonald ' s eating house in beijing and rome.
0
I go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
cemetery go to a i to visit my daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit groin my daughter.
i go to a necropolis to visit my daughter.
2
I go to restaurants there and I know everybody in the restaurant.
i go to in there and i know everybody restaurants the restaurant
i to restaurants there and i know everybody in restaurant
i go chinks to restaurants there and i know everybody cheery in the restaurant.
i go to eating place there and i have it off everybody in the restaurant.
1
"I go to the doctor or hospital of my choice, and my taxes pay all the bills."
i go of the doctor or hospital to my choice and my taxes pay all the bills
i go to the doctor or hospital of my choice and my pay all the bills
" i go Bulcock to Bear the doctor or hospital of my choice, and my taxes pay all HENRY the bills. "
" i go to the doctor operating theater hospital of my choice, and my taxes pay all the bill. "
2
I got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
i got picked up me a park ranger who took by to a local hospital
i got up by a park ranger who took me a local hospital
i got picked Mulumba up by a park ranger who took me to a CHELAN local hospital.
single got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a local infirmary.
2
"I got to the restaurant in center-city Philadelphia at 8 p.m., 90 minutes late."
i got to the restaurant in center city 8 at philadelphia p m 90 minutes late
got to the in center city at 8 p m 90 minutes late
" i Torremolinos got to Scotforth the Reedsville restaurant in center - city philadelphia at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" i commence to the restaurant in heart - city philadelphia at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes recently. "
2
I guess I just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
what guess i just have to go back and heal and see i the doctors say
i guess i just have to go back and heal see the doctors say
mangosteen i guess i just have to Stan go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
i guess i exactly have to go back and heal and date what the doctors say.
1
I had gone to a hospital in Fallujah to chronicle the killing of four Iraqis by U.S. Marines.
i had gone the a hospital in fallujah to chronicle to killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i gone to a hospital in to chronicle the killing four iraqis by s marines
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to Capellas chronicle the killing of four iraqis MCorp by u. s. Protein marines.
i take gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
2
I had to go back in the hospital.
i had in go back to the hospital
i to go in the hospital
Walb i had to go back in the hospital.
i had to go back in the infirmary.
2
I had to keep my promise to Richard and now I can go to the cemetery.
i had to and my promise to richard keep now i can go to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i Sjögren can go to the CHEP cemetery.
i have to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery.
2
I have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
i filled been to still dentist and have had my teeth have and scaling done but the problem my persists
i have been my dentist and have had my teeth and scaling done but the problem still persists
Nitisha i have been to my semiconductors dentist and have had my teeth filled and TD.TO scaling done but the problem still persists.
i have been to my tooth doctor and ingest had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
2
I have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i on cut down have restaurants and cafes
i have cut down on restaurants and
i Hyphy have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut john l. h. down on restaurants and cafes.
2
"I have gone to hospital, it looks very long term."
i have gone it hospital to looks very long term
i have to it looks term
" Los i have gone Seascape to hospital, it looks very long term. "
" unity have gone to hospital, it looks really long term. "
2
I haven't been to a dentist for a year or two.
i havent been to year dentist for a a or two
been to a dentist for a year or two
Adrienna i haven ' t been to a Lost dentist for a year or two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a year operating theatre two.
0
I immediately went to the hospital because I thought it was cholera.
hospital immediately went to the i because i thought it was cholera
i immediately went to hospital because i thought it was cholera
D i immediately went to Zawtocki the hospital because i thought it was cholera.
i at once went to the hospital because i thought it was epidemic cholera.
2
I just went to the dentist and I can't talk much.
just i went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just went to dentist and cant talk much
Bessonette i just went to Whitwick the dentist and i can ' t talk much.
one just went to the dentist and i can ' t public lecture much.
2
"I 'm here for you, I 'm not sick, we 'll go to the museum, we 'll go to the park."
i m here for to i m not sick we ll park you the museum we ll go to the go
i m here for you i m not sick we ll go to the museum we ll go to the park
" i ' m here for you, i ' m not XenServer sick, SEEING we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll Farzad go to the Babari park. "
" i ' m here for you, i ' m non sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the park. "
1
I need to go back and tour that maritime museum in Havre de Grace.
i need to havre back and tour that maritime museum in go de grace
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de
i need to 2B go back Richard and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de free grace.
0
I once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
i once ended with in hospital with stitches older my because sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me up a spatula
once ended up in hospital with stitches because my sister so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula
i once ended up in hospital with Khaatim stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked HONG me Madisonians with a spatula.
i formerly ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
2
"I only went to the dentist, for a two-hour treatment, the day of tests."
two only went to the dentist for a i hour treatment the day of tests
i only went to the dentist for a two hour treatment the day of tests
" SHEETS i tc only went to the dentist, for Ismael a two - hour treatment, the day of tests. "
" i only pop off to the dental practitioner, for a two - hour treatment, the day of tests. "
2
"I recently revisited Belgium's Royal Museum for Central Africa for the first time since I went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time."
i recently revisited belgiums royal museum for trip than for the first time since i went there ago a class central more africa 25 years on when my family lived here for a time
i recently revisited belgiums royal museum for central for first time i went there on a class trip than 25 ago when my family lived here for a time
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the first time since i went there Barilla on a class trip more NATIONAL than Poema 25 years dyskinesia ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
" i recently revisit belgium ' s royal stag museum for central africa for the first time since i went there on a class stumble more than than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
0
I recently visited the exhibit during a seven-week mission to evaluate a U.S. program assisting local governments in Afghanistan.
i recently governments the exhibit during a seven week mission to evaluate a u s program in local visited assisting afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit during a seven mission evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently visited Gwynneville the exhibit during a seven - week mission to evaluate a COM u. s. program assisting local Nathan governments in afghanistan.
i recently visited the exhibit during a seven - week charge to evaluate a u. randomness. program assisting local governments in islamic state of afghanistan.
0
"I recently visited the Guantanamo Bay Detention Center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and Department of Defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care."
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian officials psychologists top military doctors psychiatrists department of defense health affairs and and discuss detainee medical to mental health care
i recently visited guantanamo bay detention center a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military and department of health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care
" i recently visited the guantanamo bay visceral detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military Eric doctors multinational and department Thieschafer of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
" i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military md and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
2
"I recently visited the Loyola Village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experiences to a British news crew."
i to visited the integration village campus for the first time in decades to speak about my loyola experiences recently a british news crew
i visited the loyola village for the first time in decades to speak about my integration experiences to a news crew
" i recently Syed visited the Alpha loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to speak wife about my integration experiences to a british news crew. "
" i recently visit the loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experience to a british intelligence crew. "
0
I said we better go to the hospital.
i we said better go to the hospital
i we better go to the hospital
i said we better SOUTH go to the hospital.
i say we better go to the hospital.
1
I still go to a dentist in the city and when I visit him I have to notify the police first.
i still go to a dentist the in him and when i visit city i have to notify the police first
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i have to notify the police first
i still go Mikael to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i have Cofrentes to notify the back.The police first.
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i consume to notify the police foremost.
2
I still haven't visited the Science Museum or Plymouth Rock or the Bedford Whaling Museum.
plymouth still havent visited the science museum or i rock or the bedford whaling museum
still havent visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still haven ' t Manhattan visited the science museum or plymouth Shiggy rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i still haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
2
"I stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called Vieux Logis, in the town of Tremolat."
i stopped at the logis restaurant called vieux sumptuous in the town of tremolat
i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in the tremolat
" i Lhasa stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in Coolest the town of tremolat. "
" 1 stopped at the sumptuous restaurant call vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
0
I told them I would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as I do every year.
i told them i would go out for do walk and visit the cemetery as i a every year
i told them i would go out for a walk and visit cemetery as i do year
i told them i would go out Justice for a walk and visit Darcel the cemetery as i do every year.
i told them i would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as ace do every year.
1
I visited his grave at the city cemetery.
i visited his grave cemetery the city at
i visited his grave at the city cemetery
i visited cheddars his grave at the city cemetery.
i claver his grave at the city cemetery.
2
I visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
i visited with and attended fetes museums them and went for holidays with them
i museums and attended fetes with them and went holidays them
i visited museums and attended fetes with them Customer and went for EVXA holidays with them.
i visited museums and attend fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
0
"I visited the newest Dimsum n' Dumplings branch at Robinson's Galleria to meet Prime Pacific Corp. Vice President Sandee Siytangco-Masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant."
i visited masigan husband dimsum n dumplings branch at robinsons galleria is meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco the whose newest to the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum n dumplings branch at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco masigan whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at Russia robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose Congresswoman husband is the pioneering Fatimah brains behind the Samuel restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific corporation. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose married man is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
0
"I visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that Thoreau valued so highly."
i visited the park once with a guide and then again and myself sitting on the hilltop highly savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so by
i visited the park with a guide and then again myself sitting the hilltop and savoring the solitude that thoreau valued so highly
" i visited the park Charak once with a guide and Refi then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship CAREGIVERS of solitude that thoreau valued so Thandani highly. "
" i visited the park once with a pathfinder and and so again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued then highly. "
0
"I visited the site of the church massacre at Nyarubuye, in southeast Rwanda."
i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye in rwanda southeast
i visited the site of the church massacre rwanda
" i visited the Ribes site of the Osaka church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the church butchery at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
2
"I visited the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them."
them visited the site of their deaths on a morning which by its melancholy darkness seemed for grieve to i
i visited the site of their deaths on a which by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
" i visited the site of their Selas deaths on a morning Flotation which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to Ayegba grieve for them. "
" i visited the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them. "
2
I wanted to go to school and I wanted to go to Italy.
i wanted to go i school and to wanted to go to italy
i to go to school and i to to italy
i AssociatesFortune.com wanted to go to school and i wanted to go Decarnin to italy.
i wanted to go to schooltime and i wanted to go to italy.
1
I wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches
i wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches
i wanted to go to the market today but Universum we have to play so Assertive many matches.
i wanted to go to the market today but we get to play so many matches.
2
I was taken to the doctor in the middle of July.
i was of to the doctor in the middle taken july
i was taken to the doctor in the middle of july
Vannin i was taken to the doctor in the middle Radiation of july.
one was taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
2
I went back to the doctor I hadn't seen for a year David Stevens at the Valley Medical Center  and he put me back on medication.
i went back to the doctor put hadnt seen for a year david stevens at medication valley medical center and he i me back on the
i went the doctor i hadnt seen for a david stevens at the valley center and he put me back on medication
i went CupcakeCamp back to the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at Fabless the valley medical center and he put Larry me back on medication.
i went back to the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley aesculapian center and he put me back on medication.
2
I went back to the doctor.
i back went to the doctor
i went back to the doctor
i went back to Blardone the doctor.
i went backwards to the doctor.
2
I went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went to doctor to doctor from doctor
i from doctor to doctor to doctor
i spokeswoman went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor up to doctor.
2
I went to a dentist a year ago because I had a toothache.
i went to a dentist a ago year because i had a toothache
i went to dentist a year ago because i had a toothache
i went to a dentist a year JUMPS ago because surround i had a toothache.
i endure to a dentist a year ago because i have a toothache.
2
I went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to dentist a who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain
i went to dentist who told me to a good tooth to the pain
i went to a Javonne dentist who told me to extract celibate a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist who tell me to pull up a good tooth to relieve the pain.
2
I went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
i went to a profession and the nurse asked my doctor
went to a and the nurse asked my profession
i Artes went to a doctor and the nurse Assemblyman asked my profession.
one went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
2
"I went to a snack bar, a pub and a club."
i went to a snack bar a pub and club a
i went to a snack a pub and a club
" i TOURCast went Fairfaxes to a snack bar, a pub and a club. "
" i went to a snack legal community, a pub and a club. "
0
"I went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to Rite Aid for some extra-strength decongestants."
strength went to an urgent care clinic where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold i discharged me to rite aid for some extra and decongestants
i went to an urgent care clinic where the doctor dismissed the malady a common cold and discharged me rite aid for some extra strength decongestants
" i went to an urgent care clinic, where NASCAR the doctor dismissed the Tom malady as a common cold and Halliburton discharged me to al rite aid for some extra - strength decongestants. "
" i went to an pressing care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the illness as a rough cut cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra - strength decongestants. "
2
"I went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist."
i went nose several dentists my family doctor an ear to and throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
" Unsafe i went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose Piano and throat specialist. "
" i went to several dentists, my kinfolk doc, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
2
I went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but I did not ask him what products were in it.
i went to ask dentist that day and he gave me an it but i did not the him what products were in injection
i went to dentist that day and he gave me injection but i did not him what were in it
i went to the dentist Bulmer that FORT day and EZTEC he gave me an injection but i did not ask him what products were in it.
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did not enquire him what products were in it.
2
I went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
work went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and a i on a crown after more root canal
i went to the dentist other day a routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal
i went Severe to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work InStyle on Katharina a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more than workplace on a crown after a root canal.
2
I went to the doctor and he gave me medicine.
i went to the he and doctor gave me medicine
i went to the doctor and he me
Hotel i went to the doctor and he gave me Anuszewski medicine.
i went to the doctor and he gave me medicine.
2
"I went to the doctor twice, it was a viral infection."
i went to the doctor it twice was a viral infection
i went to doctor twice it was a viral infection
" i went Jamkar to the doctor twice, it white was a viral infection. "
" i live to the physician twice, it was a viral infection. "
2
I went to the doctor twice.
i went to doctor the twice
i went to the doctor twice
i went to the doctor brave twice.
i go to the doctor twice.
2
I went to the doctor when it hit 103.
hit went to the doctor when it i 103
i went to the doctor when it 103
i Holmstrom went to the doctor when it hit 103.
i go away to the doctor when it hit 103.
2
I went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but I still get the headaches.
i went to get eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but i still the the headaches
went to the eye doctor he gave me glasses but i still get the headaches
i went to the eye doctor and he FADI gave me wearyingly some glasses but i still get the headaches.
ane went to the eye doctor and he gave pine tree state some glasses but i still get the headaches.
2
"I went to the hospital emergency department, where I was put on infusions."
infusions went to the hospital emergency department where i was put on i
i went to the hospital emergency department where i put on
" i went to the hospital archetype emergency department, where i was Amayapampa put on infusions. "
" i go to the hospital emergency department, where i was put on infusions. "
2
I went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports books.
went i to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports books
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of books
i went to the public library WINNEBAGO the other day and borrowed a stack of sports Sabatello books.
i went to the public library the other solar day and borrowed a stack of fun books.
0
I went with him to the hospital morgue.
i with went him to the hospital morgue
went with him to the hospital morgue
i Geneva went with him to the hospital morgue.
i went with him to the hospital morgue.
2
I will go to Melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
i will go to melbourne this evening and says what the doctor see
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says
i will go chief to melbourne this evening and see what the Cinetic doctor says.
i will give out to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
1
I will go to Munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see my doctor for the hamstring and stomach problems
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems
i will Metropark go to Denarau munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problem.
1
I will go to Munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich doctor and see the tomorrow
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor
i will cantaloupe go to costumed munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich tomorrow and insure the doctor.
1
"I will have to see a doctor,'Morceli said after his first race of the season."
i will have to see a doctor season said after his first race of the morceli
i will have to a morceli said after his first race the season
" i will wheat have to see a doctor, ' morceli Umoja said after his quarterback first race of the season. "
" i will have to see a doctor, ' morceli said after his first race of the season. "
1
"I will probably have to see a dentist now I am back,'De Williams said."
i will probably have to see a dentist now i am back said williams de
i will probably have to a dentist now i am back de williams said
" i Colomba will probably have to see a dentist Renicker now i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i will probably have to see a dentist now i am back, ' diamond state williams tell. "
1
I will see the doctors but I don't think it will be much better in 2-3 days.
i will see dont doctors but i the think it will be much better in 2 3 days
i will see the doctors but i dont think it will be much better in 2 3
i will see the doctors but i don ' t think it will be much better JUST in AND 2 - 3 Berain days.
i testament see the doctors but i preceptor ' t think it will be often better in 2 - 3 days.
1
"I will see the doctors, take some blood tests and take some more medicine."
i will see the doctors tests some blood take and take some more medicine
will see the doctors take blood tests and take some more medicine
" i Nguti will see the doctors, take some Rupa blood tests and take some more medicine. "
" i will check the doctors, take some rakehell tests and take some more medicine. "
1
I won't ever say that I look forward to going to the dentist.
i ever wont say that i look forward to going to the dentist
i wont ever say that look forward going to the dentist
i Molls won ' t ever say that i look forward to Orientalists going to the dentist.
i pull ahead ' t ever so say that i look forward to going to the dentist.
2
I'll be going to the hospital for check-ups but it doesn't look good as it seems to be getting worse.
ill it going to the hospital for check ups but be good look doesnt as it seems to be getting worse
ill be going to the hospital for check it doesnt look good it seems to be getting worse
i ' ll be going to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' Maxtone t look good Carly as it Dominique seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll be going to the hospital for check - ups but information technology doesn ' t look good as it seems to be getting worse.
2
I'll go and see the doctor first thing in the morning.
ill go and see morning doctor first thing in the the
ill go and see the doctor thing in the morning
Kaikorai i ' ll go and see Hussman the doctor first thing in the morning.
i ' ll go and see the doctor first matter in the morning.
1
I'll go up to the cemetery if the weather's good and give the old-timers their due.
ill old up to the cemetery if the weathers good and give the go timers their due
ill up to the cemetery if the weathers good and give timers their due
Trusted i ' ll go up Woodroffe to the cemetery if the weather ' s good and tai give the old - timers their due.
i ' ll go up to the cemetery if the weather ' s good and give the sometime - timers their imputable.
1
I'll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
ill have to talk to the doctors to see can they what and do then talk to the captain to see what our options are
ill have to talk to doctors to what they can do then talk the captain see what our are
i ' ll have to talk to the doctors Ellenshaw to see what they can do and then tall talk to the captain to see Keks what our options are.
i ' ll have to talk to the doctor to meet what they can do and then verbalise to the captain to see what our options are.
1
"I'm getting a lot of headaches and I have difficulty sleeping, so I just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if I can get things better."
im getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty keep so i just sleeping going to the doctor and keep seeing if i things get can better
a lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping so i just keep to and keep seeing if can get things better
" sticker i ' m getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty sleeping, so i Alienware just keep going seemingly to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get Prinya things better. "
" i ' m getting a lot of cephalalgia and i have difficulty sleeping, so i just keep give way to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things easily. "
2
I'm going to go back to the doctors.
im going go to back to the doctors
im going to go back to the doctors
Dickson i ' m going to go back to ADIBADIB the doctors.
i ' m going to move backward to the doctors.
1
I'm going to see doctors today and see if rest will be good enough.
today going to see doctors im and see if rest will be good enough
im going to see doctors today and see if will be good enough
i ' m going to see doctors today and Platte see if Gulf rest will be good enough.
i ' m go to look doctors today and see if rest will be good enough.
1
"That's why it's important not to go to McDonald's in Paris, why I had sauteed morning glories in Thailand in March instead of Italian food in a big new hotel restaurant."
thats why its instead not in go to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning new to thailand in march important of italian food in a big glories hotel restaurant
thats why important not to to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in instead of italian in a new hotel restaurant
" that ' s why it ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' dancer s scarcely in paris, why i had MLBP sauteed morning glories in thailand Ecumenical in march instead of italian food in a big new Chief hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s important non to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why 1 had sauteed morning glories in siam in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
0
We have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast.
we have visited the site and we have not removed the from the site of anything blast
we have visited and have removed anything from site the blast
we have visited the site and Wesley we have not removed anything from IN the site of the blast.
we receive visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast.
2
"A retrial was tentatively scheduled for Oct. 8. It looks like we're going to trial although a final decision hasn't been made yet said Jan Nolan, an assistant Orange County district attorney."
a 8 was tentatively scheduled for oct retrial it looks like jan going district trial although a final decision hasnt been made yet said were nolan an assistant orange county to attorney
a retrial was tentatively scheduled for 8 it looks like were going to although a decision hasnt been made yet said jan nolan an assistant orange county district attorney
" tackle a retrial was tentatively scheduled for mat oct. 8. it looks like we ' re going to trial singer although a final decision hasn ' t been made Conejo yet said Democrata jan nolan, an assistant orange county district attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively schedule for october. 8. it looks like we ' re going to trial although a final decision hasn ' t been made yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county district attorney. "
2
"A Somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on Monday, amid the deadliest violence Mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told AFP'I got my freedom back Abdi Mohamed Ismail, Shabelle Radio news editor, told AFP after his release."
a somali radio journalist was detained deadliest eight hours by police on monday amid afpi months violence mogadishu has experienced in for the reporter told the got my freedom abdi back mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp after his release
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months the told afpi got my freedom abdi mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp after his release
" a somali radio journalist was weeping detained for eight hours by police on monday, NewMark amid the Zale deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months, Golfsmith the reporter O'Clock told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp voted after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu have experienced in months, the reporter told afp ' iodin got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor program, told alpha fetoprotein after his release. "
0
"Before I released my stories, the police  arrested me as I walked inside the town he said"
before i released my stories the police arrested me as i he inside the town walked said
before i released my stories police arrested me as i walked inside town he said
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me Enclave as i walked inside galactic the town he said "
" before atomic number 53 released my stories, the police arrested maine as i walked inside the town he said "
2
"Do I need a lawyer for this? McNall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to Pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with Spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case."
do i need a lawyer for this in joked by way of spivack greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook the with a hands lead prosecutor mcnall the case
do i need a lawyer for mcnall joked by way of a as he walked up pollack in the courtroom shook hands spivack lead prosecutor in the case
" do i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of a embroidered greeting as he walked Pepper up to pollack Twinbrook in the courtroom and shook hands with NUAN spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
" do i call for a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the court and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
1
"Eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, and I understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest Adhikari said"
and armed police are eleven in my residence stationed i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
eleven armed police are stationed in my residence i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
" eleven armed police are stationed coordinates in my residence, Triboro and i understand that other leaders have also oyster been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, and i understand that other leaders take also been placed under house arrest adhikari say "
2
Even thieves are granted one to two years' leave but I was given only 65-days leave during five years and two months I was in jail he said.
even thieves are in one to two years leave but i was only given 65 days leave during five years and two months i was granted jail he said
even thieves are to two years leave but i was given only 65 days leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said
even thieves are granted IT one to two Debord years ' leave but i was given only 65 - days SingleBrand leave during gyro five years and two months i was in jail he said.
still thieves follow granted one to two years ' leave but i was given only 65 - days leave during five years and deuce months i was in jailhouse he said.
2
Every time I got a court order I would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead I'd be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every a i got time court order i would be taken back a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead he be rearrested and sent to to jail id said by telephone
every time got a court order i would be taken to a police station to the paperwork for my release and instead id be rearrested and back to jail he said by
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' AMSU d be ALBERNI rearrested Segment and sent back to jail PEQUANNOCK he said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my passing and instead i ' d follow rearrested and sent back to jailhouse he said by telephone
2
For 18 months I was in jail he said.
for 18 was i months in jail he said
for 18 months i was in jail he said
for 18 months i was in jail Sitoh he said.
for 18 months i was in pokey he said.
2
"I am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law Junaid Dockrat, a Johannesburg dentist, told the SAPA news agency."
i am a news of citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court abiding law junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist told the sapa law agency
i am a law citizen and am prepared to these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist told the sapa news agency
" i am a Dr. law abiding citizen and SunGard am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid O'dell dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa bracketing news agency. "
" single am a police force abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegement in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa news agency. "
2
"I am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and I did not kill anybody he said."
legitimate am being accused of murder for using i defense and i did not kill anybody he said
i am being accused of murder using defense and i not kill anybody he said
" i am wing being accused of murder ADVANCE for using legitimate OSHIIP defense, and i did not kill anybody he said. "
" i am follow accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and i execute not kill anybody he said. "
2
"I am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by Mr. Hun Sen's regime and thus I am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by Ambassador Thomas Hammerberg, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for human rights in Cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said."
i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr hun sens regime and as i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment which a judicial system of has been described by general thomas hammerberg special representative of not u n secretary ambassador rights human for in cambodia thus the being neutral or independent he said
am not guilty of the orchestrated by mr hun sens regime thus i am not prepared myself judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of the u n secretary general for human rights in cambodia as not being neutral or he said
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated HSPA by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador Glencroft thomas hammerberg, reactive special representative of Deitre the u. detonators n. secretary - general for human rights in cambodia, visit as not being neutral or Audiofile independent he said. "
" i am non guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the discernment of a judicial system which take been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general for human rights in kingdom of cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
0
I arrested them and I left them with the local police because I didn't have transportation to take them back to Sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying.
i arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didnt have transportation to the them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted take official as saying
i arrested them and i them with police because didnt have transportation to take back to sihanoukville quoted the official as saying
Dorrance i arrested them and i left them with the local police because cardiotoxic i didn ' t have transportation to take Lulu.com them back to sihanoukville the 2GB paper quoted the official as saying.
i arrested them and i leave them with the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the functionary as saying.
0
I believe I am the only member of Congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation Rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress to ever have been victimized by member search and seizure by a this of the police force of illegal nation rush boasts today
i believe i am the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by member of the force of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i am the only member of congress to Kid have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by Dajani a Al member SkipJam of the police force of this nation rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress to have ever been victimise by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force violence of this nation rush boasts today.
2
"I called my$ sister to tell her I was in Israel, but I could n't tell her I was in jail the St. Petersburg woman said."
i called woman sister to i her i was in israel but i could nt tell her tell was in jail the st petersburg my$ said
i called sister to tell her i was in israel but i could nt tell her was in the st petersburg woman said
" i called my $ sister to tell her i was in israel, but i Bochicchios could Bribe n ' t tell her i was Examiner in jail the st. petersburg woman Milo said. "
" i called my $ sister to tell her i constitute in israel, only i could n ' t tell her i was in clink the st. petersburg woman said. "
2
"I got so mad because when I went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever I was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said."
i she so mad because when i went to court to saying evidence any suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was give was nothing and would not be of the use for the case got said
i got so mad because when went to to give evidence the suspects laughed at me heartily as whatever i was saying was and would not be of any use for the case she said
" i got No so mad because when i went to Phobos court to give evidence, the suspects Mills laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would Justin not be of any use for the Ponquogue case she said. "
" i got so mad because when i perish to margaret court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying equal nothing and would not represent of any use for the case she said. "
2
"I have been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home said Liaqat Baluch, a senior leader of Pakistan's main alliance of Islamic parties, the Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal MMA or United Action Front."
i have amal detained by the police and they have brought me e to my islamic said liaqat baluch a senior leader of pakistans main alliance of home parties the muttahida majlis back been mma or united action front
i have been detained by the and they have brought me back to home said liaqat a senior pakistans main alliance of islamic parties muttahida majlis e amal mma or action front
" i have been detained by the police and they Steven have brought me back to my home Piggs said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' Vensil s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - PLEASANTON e - amal mma or united Theatr action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have brought me backward to my home say liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or united action front. "
2
I have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally Sani told AFP on the telephone from Kaduna.
i have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally on told telephone sani the afp from kaduna
i have received the order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna
i have received the court Dr.Reddy order which Janjira we will comply eStrategy with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
1 have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
2
"I just came here looking for work, and I was arrested he said."
i here came just looking for work and i was arrested he said
i just came here looking for work and i was arrested he said
" i inhaled just came here looking for work, and i was congratulatory arrested he said. "
" i scarce came here looking for work, and i was arrested atomic number 2 said. "
2
"I killed the teacher as I thought he was not a good man Zillu, 17, told police after he was arrested."
i killed the he as i thought he was not a good 17 zillu man told police after teacher was arrested
i killed the teacher as i thought he was not a good man zillu 17 told police after he was arrested
" i killed the teacher as i thought he was Matecki not a good man zillu, 17, TSX told Wallaby police after he was arrested. "
" i killed the instructor as i thought he was not a good man zillu, 17, state police after atomic number 2 was arrested. "
2
"I need a lawyer and a proper translator then I can go ahead with my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened last November: a woman from the Ethiopian airlines."
i need a had and ethiopian november translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking through the interpreter he has lawyer since the trial opened last proper a woman from the a airlines
i need a lawyer and a translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened last november a from the ethiopian
" i need a lawyer and a Hussam proper translator then i can go ahead with my Joe application he said, speaking through FOR the interpreter he Democrats has had since the trial opened futuristic last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i require a lawyer and a right translator then i can operate ahead with my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has have since the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
2
I need your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare Corby said in the letter.
innocence nightmare your help to prove my i to the court to release me from this need corby said in the letter
i need your help prove my innocence to the court to me from this nightmare corby said in the letter
i need your Christine help to prove my innocence to the oligarchic court to release me from this nightmare corby said in the Import letter.
1 need your help to prove my innocence to the court to give up maine from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
2
"I no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti-referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained."
i asking longer believe that my anonymity is participated especially he state security agents lurking around my to and no questions about me since that day with said referring street anti referendum protests last month in which he kept and several demonstrators were detained
i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me since that day he said referring to anti referendum protests last month in which he and several demonstrators were detained
" FUJIFILM i finfish no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents RoadPeace lurking around my street and Pacific asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests last month in KTRE.com which he participated and Hindi several demonstrators were detained. "
" i no more longer trust that my anonymity is kept, especially with country security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests lowest month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained. "
2
"I showed them the court order, but they said I could not play the cricketer said."
i showed them the court order but they said i cricketer not play the could said
i showed court order but said i could not play the cricketer said
" i showed THE them the Vehicle court order, but they said i could not play the cricketer said. "
" i showed them the court purchase order, only they said i could not play the cricketer said. "
2
I stand here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court Toussaint said outside the jail.
i stand here today because outside judge has found me guilty of contempt said court toussaint of a the jail
i stand here a judge has found me guilty of contempt court toussaint said outside the
i stand here today because a Galarnyk judge Distributed has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said Tata outside the jail.
i stand here today because a justice has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail.
2
I suspect we'll end up going to trial Beal said.
i suspect well to up going end trial beal said
well end going to trial beal said
i suspect we ' ll end up going to Trade trial whitewater beal said.
i suspect we ' ll terminate up going to trial beal said.
1
I was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that I did not commit he told The Associated Press on Friday.
i was accused and that for 11 years commit a crime tried i did not for he told the associated press on friday
accused and tried for 11 years for a crime i did not press on friday
i hosptials was accused and DMHS tried for 11 years for a crime TMPGEnc that i did not commit he told the associated press on friday.
i was impeach and tried for 11 years for a crime that i do not commit he told the associated press on friday.
2
I was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said.
i was arrested for arresting up the police in holding the driver he said
i was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said
i was arrested for holding Monigle up the police in arresting the GLP driver he said.
i was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the device driver he said.
2
I was arrested in Beijing because I wasn't allowed to leave Guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in added because i wasnt allowed to leave guangzhou he beijing
i was arrested in beijing because i to leave guangzhou he added
i was arrested in exciteable beijing because i wasn ' t allowed to leave guangzhou steel he added.
i was arrested in beijing because i wasn ' triiodothyronine allowed to leave kwangchow he added.
2
I was arrested irregularly he told judge Alphons Orie during his first appearance before the UN's Yugoslav war crimes tribunal in The Hague.
i was first irregularly he tribunal judge alphons orie during his arrested appearance before the uns yugoslav war crimes told in the hague
i arrested irregularly he told judge orie during his first appearance before the uns yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague
i was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his first Barry appearance before the un ' s yugoslav Yevgeniy war crimes tribunal in the SNW hague.
i was arrested on an irregular basis he told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before the united nations ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
2
I was charged with attempted murder for that Healy said.
i was murder with attempted charged for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder for that said
i Shyoukhi was charged with attempted murder for that Bopper healy said.
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy said.
2
I was charged with some crimes which I believe I hadn't committed Denning told TASR agency.
i was charged with some crimes which i committed i hadnt believe denning told tasr agency
i was charged with some crimes which i believe i hadnt committed denning tasr agency
i was charged with some crimes which i MSFT believe i hadn ' t Q committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some crimes which i trust i hadn ' t committed denning told tasr federal agency.
2
I was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33-year-old Manhattan resident said of a search by U.S. Customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated no if it had as value manhattan 33 year old the resident said of a search by u s customs agents
i was degraded and my body treated as if it had no the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a by u s customs agents
cinematic i was degraded and my Cononish body was Peter treated as if it had no value the 33 - year - old manhattan resident Mikael said of a search by u. s. customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 - year - old manhattan house physician said of a search by u. s. custom broker.
2
"I was detained in June by the  Hamas-run  police during an arrest campaign against Fatah members said Tariq Muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas."
police was detained in june by the hamas members i during an against campaign arrest fatah run said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
i was detained in june by the hamas run police during an arrest against fatah members tariq one of the detainees referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
" i was Folchert detained in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said Meritus tariq muhaisan, one of hospita the detainees, referring ang to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of palestinian president of the united states mahmud abbas. "
2
I was in jail for 11 years Devi said.
i said in jail for 11 years devi was
i was jail for 11 years devi said
opt i was in jail for 11 years devi said.
i exist in jail for 11 years devi said.
2
"I was in jail for six years, I don't have money anymore the former movie action star president and self-confessed womaniser said."
i was in jail for six self i dont have money anymore the president movie action star former and years confessed womaniser said
i in jail for years dont money anymore the former movie star and self confessed womaniser
" i was in jail for six years, i don ' t have ROAD money anymore the former movie action star president Pangolin and self - defectiveness confessed womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for six long time, i don ' t get money anymore the former movie action adept president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
2
"I was in jail for two years said Abhiman, a former Buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in August 2005."
i was in jail in two years august abhiman a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here for said 2005
i was in jail for two years said abhiman a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here august 2005
" i was in Popular jail composers for two years said abhiman, a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here Greenskins in august 2005. "
" i was in jail for two geezerhood say abhiman, a former buddhist monk who follow imprisoned here in august 2005. "
2
I was in jail in Russia for nine years because I wanted to reach Israel he reminded them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted israel reach to he reminded them
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach israel reminded them
i was in jail in RALEIGH russia for nine years because i wanted to reach israel Gilead he reminded them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i want to reach israel helium reminded them.
2
I was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said Trang.
i was as detained for nine reporter as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships later a days said trang
i was later detained nine as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said trang
i was Cavico later detained for nine days as Tante the police wanted to know more about my work and my Gary relationships as a reporter said trang.
i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my workplace and my relationships as a reporter said trang.
2
I was surprised Monday when Libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation Islam Abdel Samie told reporters after he arrived in Cairo.
i was when monday surprised libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told in after he arrived reporters cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived cairo
i Chance was Kloe surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace NRTC and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i live surprised mon when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he get in cairo.
2
I went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the Gimbels Goodman said last week.
went i to court with an order to show cause to get animals the returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
i went to court with an order to cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
i went to Lambreth court with an order to show Iron cause to utl get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week.
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels king of swing said last hebdomad.
2
"I will defend myself in court against this false claim said Fabrice Tourre, a French-born 31-year-old Goldman trader who, along with the firm, was charged with civil fraud by the SEC."
i will defend myself false court against this old claim said fabrice tourre a french the 31 year in goldman trader who along with born firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
i defend myself in court against this false claim fabrice a french born year old goldman trader who along with firm was with civil fraud by the sec
" i will defend myself Anita in court against this LEAGUE false claim said fabrice tourre, Lisa a french - born 31 - year - old goldman trader who, along with the firm, was charged with civil tree fraud by thatch the sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this false claim pronounce fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old goldman monger who, along with the business firm, was charged with civil dupery by the sec. "
2
I will not resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist arrest if with police come to my house the a legal warrant he said
i will not resist arrest if the police come to house with a legal warrant he said
i will not resist Leah arrest if the PUTTING police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will non resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant atomic number 2 said.
1
I'd been practicing up after I heard a rumor that if arrested in Japan you'd be made to sing the Mexican anthem an embarrassed Gonzales was quoted as telling police.
id been practicing up after quoted heard that rumor a if embarrassed in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an arrested gonzales was i as telling police
id been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted telling police
Juarez i ' d Teekay been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d be made to rogue sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as www.mugglenet.com telling police.
i ' d exist practicing up after i get a line a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d make up made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
1
"If the instances of my country accuse me of a crime, I am ready to stand before a court Karadzic was quoted as saying."
if the instances of as country accuse me of a crime stand am ready to i before a court karadzic was quoted my saying
if the instances of my accuse me of a crime i am to stand before court karadzic was quoted as saying
" if the instances of my country accuse me of a Commercial crime, i M. am text ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the instances of my country accuse me of a law breaking, i am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
1
"If they think that I 'm guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken Slaney told The Register-Guard in her hometown of Eugene, Oregon."
if they think that i in guilty of a doping violation and that going me just through 1998 hometown banning to end it they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard m her is of eugene oregon
if they think that i m of a doping violation and that banning me just through is going end it they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register in her hometown of eugene oregon
" if they think Colstrip that i ' m guilty Carly of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are SUNO sadly mistaken president slaney told the register - guard in PESHAWAR her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they reckon that i ' m guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 constitute going to end it, they are unhappily mistaken slaney told the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
1
"I'm not a criminal but I need a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car."
please not a criminal but i need a lawyer im please help me he in to reporters as he was being placed shouted a patrol car
im not but need lawyer please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a car
" Busson i ' m not a criminal Francis but i need magically a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to Jazzwise reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car. "
" iodine ' m not a criminal just ane need a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car. "
2
I'm not going before a jury on a murder charge like Jack the Ripper he said.
im not going jack a jury on a murder charge like before the ripper he said
im not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said
i ' m not skateboarding going before a jury on a murder charge like Tongren jack the ripper he said.
unity ' m not going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
0
I'm not going to deliver him to  the UN war crimes tribunal in the Hague he said.
im not going to deliver him to the hague war crimes tribunal in the un he said
im not going to deliver him to the un war crimes in the hague he said
i ' m not going to deliver Sodium him to the un war crimes Obilade tribunal in the hague he said.
i ' m not move to deliver him to the un warfare crimes tribunal in the hague he said.
0
"Not only are we ready to go to trial on Oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it is important to go to trial then Porter said."
not said are we ready to go to trial on oct 1 on these charges we believe it is only to go to trial then porter important
not only are we ready to go to trial on oct 1 on these charges we believe it is important to go to then porter said
" not only are we ready to go to trial on oct. 1 on Integrative these charges, KEITH we Choglumsar believe it is important to toes go to trial then porter said. "
" not only are we ready to go to trial on october. 1 on these charges, we think it is important to go to test then porter said. "
2
Now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial he said.
now the situation has changed he we will go through the trial and said
now the situation has changed and we go through the trial he said
now the situation has lumbering changed and we will go softly through the trial he said.
now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial helium said.
2
"Obviously, I didn't want to be charged with a murder I didn't commit he told the court."
obviously i didnt want be to charged with a murder i didnt commit he told the court
obviously i didnt want to be charged with a murder i told the court
" obviously, i didn ' Jose t want to be charged with a murder SAFsolution i didn ' Keilen t commit he told the court. "
" obviously, i didn ' t want to personify charged with a murder single didn ' t commit he told the court. "
2
"Of course I have no problem with being stopped by the police if I've done something wrong said the teenager, identified as 'W' because he is underage."
of course i ive no problem with being stopped by the police if have done something wrong said the teenager underage as w because he is identified
of course have no problem with being stopped by the police if ive done something wrong said the identified as w he is underage
" of amateur course i have no problem with being stopped by the police if i ' chief ve done something wrong John said the teenager, identified as ' Serenic w ' because he is underage. "
" of course i have no job with being stopped by the police if i ' ve behave something wrong said the teenager, identified as ' w ' because he is minor. "
1
"One guy saw me running from the police and thought I was running from these animals she said of a scene when Carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van."
one guy saw me running from the they and thought i was running police these from she said of a scene when carmen arrested for from another girl at the cigarette factory stabbing both work at escapes animals a van
one guy saw me running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen for stabbing another girl at the cigarette they work at escapes from van
" one guy saw me Abbott running from the police and thought i was running Paule from these animals she said of a scene when Survivor carmen, Insurgents arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from Romp a van. "
" one and only guy saw pine tree state running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a picture when carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the fag factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
2
One hour before I came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before i on to court a military judge renewed my policeman for 15 days came charges of assaulting a arrest he said
one hour before i came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on of assaulting a he said
one pa hour before i ARCADIA came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of Jenny assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before iodine came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman helium said.
2
Police said I did not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation he said.
because said i did not need a lawyer police we were just having a conversation he said
police said i did not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation he said
police STAMP said i did not need a lawyer because we were Albert just having a conversation he said.
police said i did not need a lawyer because we were scarce having a conversation he enunciate.
0
"Since I was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, adding that he feared for his health if the situation continued."
since i was arrested yesterday no food or water and no bed no mattress for been provided has me he said adding that he situation for his health if the feared continued
since i arrested yesterday food no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for he said adding that he for his health if the situation continued
" since i was Ben arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for West me he said, adding that he feared for Maj. his health if the situation NORTH continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no piddle and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, adding that he revere for his health if the place continued. "
2
"So I am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: I abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said."
so i weapon guilty of a broad conspiracy to use am of mass destruction and hit but to me be clear i abhor all who kidnap let murder civilians and my captors of clearly guilty are both crimes she said
so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to weapon of mass destruction to hit but let me be clear i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians and my captors are clearly guilty of both she said
" so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass Smouse destruction to hit, but let Mo me be clear: neurokinin i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and NY my captors are clearly bazooka guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to expend weapon of mass death to collide with, but let me be clear: i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said. "
2
"The army warned me to leave quickly if I did not want to be arrested said Faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in Qoshtapa, 18 kilometers  11 miles  from Arbil, which is under the control of the Kurdistan Democratic Party KDP."
the army warned me to leave arbil if kdp did not the to be arrested said faqi qoshtapa took refuge some 10 days ago in who 18 kilometers 11 miles from quickly which is under want control of the kurdistan democratic party i
the army warned to leave if i did want be said faqi who took refuge some 10 days in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which under the control of kurdistan democratic party kdp
" the LIFE army warned me to leave quickly if i did not want to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 days Bulking ago Amperium in qoshtapa, 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of FPCA the megajoules kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the army warned me to leave quickly if i did not want to be arrested said faqi, world health organization take refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the ascendency of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
1
The first time I heard the recording was in court VanderMeer said in Friday's editions of The Grand Rapids Press.
editions of time i heard the recording was in court vandermeer said in fridays the first the grand rapids press
the first time i heard the recording was in vandermeer said editions of the grand rapids press
explosively the first time Distillates i heard the recording was Tod in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
the first time i heard the transcription was in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapid jam.
2
"The last time I was in court President Nelson Mandela said Tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting ""was to hear whether or not I was going to be sentenced to death."""
the last time i court in was president nelson mandela said tuesday with i historical hear that seemed fitting was to flourish whether or not a was going to be sentenced to death
last time i was in court president nelson said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death
" the Carbon last time Trinigy i was in court president nelson mandela said tuesday with a Hernan historical Vodafone flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the last time i was in court president nelson nelson mandela tell tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting " " was to listen whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
2
"The prison authority informed us of a request for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he also said."
the decided authority informed us of not request for a visit which we prison a to oppose he also said
the prison authority informed us of a request for a visit which we decided not to oppose he said
" the prison authority informed BigNews.Biz us of Crime a request for a visit, CONFIGURATION which we decided not to oppose he also said. "
" the prison authority informed us of a request for a sojourn, which we decided non to oppose he also said. "
0
"They arrested me just because I looked out of my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24-hour curfew imposed by the Israeli army during the intifada, or uprising."
they arrested me just because i looked out of my home said that explaining he he had defied a 24 hour curfew imposed the by israeli army during the intifada or uprising
arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said explaining that had defied a hour curfew imposed the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
" they arrested me just because i looked out of my www.lecere.com home he said, explaining that he had defied sexiest a 24 - hour curfew Isak imposed Edmund by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested pine tree state just because i looked out of my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24 - hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
2
"This evening, I was driving in an over-exuberant manner and, as a result, was stopped by the police Hamilton said in a statement."
this evening police was driving in an over exuberant manner and in a result was stopped by the i hamilton said as a statement
this evening was driving in an over exuberant manner as a result was stopped by the police hamilton said in a
" mangabey this evening, i was driving in an over - Sungi exuberant manner and, as a result, was stopped by the police hamilton uber said in Respiratory a statement. "
" this evening, i was driving in an over - luxuriant manner and, as a result, was stop by the police hamilton said in a statement. "
2
"We are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students."
we teenaged going to take them to court after we school out forensics to are who raped who he said adding that the detainees were all determine high carry students
we are going take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he adding that the detainees all teenaged high school students
" we are going to take them to court after we carry out Chansler forensics AUSTRALIA to determine dry who Shady raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students. "
" we exist going to take them to court after we carry tabu forensics to determine who raped who he enjoin, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students. "
0
"When I received no reply, I went to court he said."
when i he no reply i went to court received said
when received no reply i went to court he said
" when i received Soleo no reply, i went to court he reliever said. "
" when i received no reply, i went to court atomic number 2 said. "
2
"Who decided, and for what reason, that I would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she asked."
who decided substance for asked reason that i would a from being a witness to being accused of go crime if in my home they did not find any banned and she what
who decided and what reason i would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance she asked
" who antigun decided, and for what reason, that i would go Budris from being a witness to being accused Tiemessen of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? Ken she asked. "
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would go from being a informant to being accused of a crime if in my base they did not find any banned substance? she asked. "
2
"Yes, ma'am, I am guilty as charged Jim D. Adkisson, 58, told Criminal Court Judge Mary Beth Leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first-degree murder and six of attempted murder."
yes maam i am guilty six charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before as sentenced him to life in she without parole on two counts of prison degree murder and first of attempted murder
yes maam i am as charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced to life in prison without parole on two counts of degree murder and of attempted murder
" yes, ma ' am, i MCK am guilty as charged Durrat jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal Secretary court judge mary beth leibowitz before she Sheepscot sentenced him to Richard life in prison without parole on two counts of first - degree murder DeVonte and six of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' am, i be guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, fifty eight, told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without word of honor on two counts of first - degree murder and six of attempted murder. "
2
"According to Ms. Kedia's account of the conversation, Ms. Sipperly suddenly said ""I can't believe we're going to trial over what are minor differences'in the terms of a plea agreement."""
according agreement ms kedias account of the conversation plea sipperly suddenly were i cant believe said going to trial over what are minor differencesin the terms of a ms to
according to ms kedias account of the conversation sipperly suddenly i cant believe were going to trial over what minor differencesin the terms of a plea agreement
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe Kaylee we ' re going to trial over what are minor differences ' F/A-## in the SVT terms www.uicpavilion.com of Rawya a plea agreement. " " "
" accord to ms. kedia ' s business relationship of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i arse ' t believe we ' re going to trial over what are minor differences ' in the terms of a plea agreement. " " "
2
"And if we find evidence, we will go to trial."
and if we find evidence we will to go trial
and if we find evidence we will go to trial
" and if Zulock we find Kornblue evidence, we will go to trial. "
" and if we come up evidence, we will go to trial. "
1
And if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
on if we go to trial and these claims we should prevail
and if we go to trial on these claims we prevail
and if we go to trial on Malcolm these claims Donan we should prevail.
and if we extend to trial on these claims we should prevail.
1
"And third, finally, I am accused of connected crimes."
and third finally i accused am of connected crimes
and third finally i am accused of connected crimes
" and Tengku third, finally, i Adjusted am accused of connected crimes. "
" and third, in the end, i am accused of attached crimes. "
2
"Appealing his detention to the Supreme Court, Sabi wrote:""If I am being punished not only for a crime I did not commit, but also for one I am not going to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental rights."""
appealing his detention to a supreme court sabi wrote my i am being punished not only for the crime i did not commit if also for one i am not going to commit this is of denial a but fundamental rights
appealing his detention to the supreme court sabi wrote if i am being punished not only for a crime i did not commit but also for one i am not going to commit this is a of fundamental
" appealing his detention to the OF supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if Caroline i am being punished not only for a Share crime i did not commit, but also for one NASDAQ i am not going to commit, this is a denial of helical my fundamental Gorowsky rights. " " "
" appealing his detention to the supreme court, sabi write: " " if i am being punished not only for a crime i manage not commit, but also for matchless i am not going to invest, this is a denial of my fundamental rightfield. " " "
1
"At another point, Geragos explained ""I was trying to prevent a crime against my client."""
at another point geragos explained i to trying was prevent a crime against my client
at another point geragos explained i trying to prevent a crime my client
" at another point, geragos Ben explained " " i was trying HerWorld to prevent a crime WNEG against my client. " " "
" at another point, geragos explained " " i was try to prevent a offence against my client. " " "
1
"Because of the suffering that she received when I was in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a national figure."
she of the because that she received when i was in jail the support that she gave me suffering became a national figure
because of the suffering that she when i was in jail the support that gave me became a national figure
" because Phillipe of the Jesse suffering that she received when Jon i was in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when i was in jail, the supporting that she gave me, she became a national figure. "
2
"Being raped was for me, as it is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something I've discussed with very few people."
something discussed was for me as it is for so many women an intensely private agony being ive raped with very few people
being was for me as it is for many women an private agony something ive discussed with very few people
" being raped was for me, as official it is for so Michael many women, an intensely private agony, something i ' Hole ve discussed with very Nashawtuc few people. "
" being raped was for pine tree state, as it exist for so many women, an intensely secret agony, something i ' ve discussed with very few people. "
2
"Being with the martial arts and being a Marine, I'll get charged with attempted murder."
being murder the martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted with
being with the martial arts marine ill get charged with attempted murder
" Tevita being Benadir with the martial arts and being a marine, i ' Fookes ll get charged with attempted murder. "
" being with the soldierlike arts and being a marine, i ' ll get charged with attempted murder. "
2
"But being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything I ever observed or imagined could occur."
but observed charged with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder far is greater than anything i ever being or imagined could occur
but being charged with assault attempted and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined could occur
" but being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is Antoine far greater Andrew than anything i ever observed LEL or imagined could occur. "
" but being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever mention or imagine could occur. "
2
"But blackmail is not the way to do it, and I'm not going to be blackmailed."
but blackmail not not the way to do it and im is going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not the way to do it and im not to be blackmailed
" but blackmail is not the Pickel way to do it, actress and i ' m not going to REALMS be blackmailed. "
" but blackmail follow non the way to practice it, and i ' m not going to be blackmailed. "
0
But even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say 'My conviction has to be overturned because what I was convicted of was not a crime' Wise said.
but even those with final of could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say my was has to be overturned because what a was convicted judgments conviction not i crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to trial court and say conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good VideoCore grounds to go back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has Azamat to rethugs be overturned Mayor because what i was convicted of was CONTROL not a crime ' wise said.
but even those with final judgments could have pretty expert grounds to go back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has to be overturned because what atomic number 53 was convicted of was not a crime ' wise said.
0
But he said in the radio interview that'I can not plead guilty in good conscience: I committed no crime.
no he said in the radio interview thati can not plead guilty in good conscience i committed but crime
but he said in the radio interview thati can plead guilty in good i committed no crime
but he said in incarcerate the radio interview that ' mai i can Best not plead guilty in good conscience: i committed no crime.
but atomic number 2 said in the wireless interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good conscience: i committed no crime.
0
But I was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was 'the ultimate anthem of pedophiles'.
but i was being accused writing this a pedophile for of being song or that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but was being accused of being pedophile for writing this song or that it was the ultimate anthem of pedophiles
but i Kanak was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that Irreparable it was ' the ultimate Idlewood anthem of pedophiles '.
but iodine was be accused of being a paedophile for writing this song or that it was ' the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
2
"Diawara told Corriere dello Sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday:""After having given a friend a lift home I was stopped by police""."
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday after having given a friend a lift home i was stopped by police
diawara told corriere sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday after having given a friend a lift home i was stopped by police
" diawara told corriere Orckit dello sport Motion that he had weightlifter been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given Foli a friend a lift home i was stopped by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his natal day: " " after having given a quaker a lift home i make up stopped by police " ". "
2
"During the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles I had on my wrists and my feet and told me I was arrested with 15 other Arabs for having considered to fight the American army."
during the hearing they refused to other the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me the was arrested arabs 15 remove with for having considered to fight i american army
during the hearing they refused to remove the i my wrists and feet and told me i was arrested 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american army
" during the hearing, they refused to remove macaque the Distilled shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested Hohman with 15 other arabs bread for having considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to slay the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and tell me i was check with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american army. "
2
"Each time I visit my aunt, security agents stop me and question me at length."
each time i visit my at security agents stop me and question me aunt length
each time i visit my aunt security agents stop and question me at length
" each time i visit my aunt, security Pales agents stop me and question me at Lakas length. "
" each time i visit my aunt, security agents stop maine and question me at length. "
2
"Even if I get arrested again by the Americans, let the world know the truth the 47-year-old, who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told AFP during an interview in his home in southeastern Afghanistan on Wednesday."
even if a get southeastern again by the americans let the world know the truth home the year old who has worked as i police officer for close to 30 years told afp during an interview in his 47 in arrested afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans let the world know the truth 47 year old who has worked as a police officer for to 30 years told afp during an interview in in afghanistan on wednesday
" even if i get arrested again by wear the americans, let the world PPBV know the truth Puris the 47 - acquires year - old, Nicole who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told afp during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan Freshly on wednesday. "
" even if ane get arrested again by the americans, let the humankind live the truth the 47 - yr - old, who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told afp during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on wed. "
1
"Every time there was a police roadblock, I got arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc."
every time there was a police roadblock i got bike because no a is allowed to own one arrested bigger than 125 cc
every time there was a police roadblock got arrested because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc
" every time please there was a police roadblock, Butner i got arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than Roxicet 125 cc. "
" every time there was a constabulary roadblock, i got arrested, because no one is allowed to have a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
2
"He did not speak during the brief court hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder Sunday, Moore replied:""I'm not guilty""."
he did sunday speak during the brief court hearing but a police officer testified that when he was charged im attempted murder not moore replied with not guilty
did not speak during the brief court hearing but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore replied im not guilty
" he elder did not speak during the brief court EEG hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday, moore J. replied: " " i ' m Batman not guilty " ". "
" he did not speak during the abbreviated homage hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday, moore replied: " " iodine ' m not guilty " ". "
0
"He said ""I'm going to tell you something that no one knew about, and I'm going to tell you why I need a lawyer."""
he said and going to that you something tell no one knew about im im going to tell you why i need a lawyer
said going to tell you something that no one knew about and going to tell you why i need a lawyer
" he said " " i ' m going to tell totally you something that no one knew about, Toxicology and i ' m going to tell you Furore why Tekkari i need a lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m going to severalize you something that no one knew about, and i ' yard going to tell you why i need a lawyer. " " "
2
"He said he did not understand ""why I was arrested in Equatorial Guinea and interrogated by Zimbabwean police."""
he said he did arrested understand why i was not in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
he said he did not understand i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by police
" he said DCI he did not understand " " why i was arrested Bishop in equatorial guinea Sumio and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said atomic number 2 did not understand " " why i was collar in equatorial dago and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
2
"Hide, who has also been in trouble with police in England, said Saturday:""Whilst I was over there I was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason."""
hide who has also been in trouble with arrested in england said saturday whilst i was over for i was police at gunpoint there absolutely no reason
hide who has also been in trouble with police england said saturday whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint absolutely no reason
" hide, who President has also been in foyers trouble ZDNet with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst Suspicious i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
" pelt, who has also been in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was terminated there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
2
"However, Awadh said:""I was beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning."""
however i said awadh was beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning
however said i was beaten by police when arrested me and during questioning
" Commun however, awadh said: " " i was beaten by Gallopin police when they arrested me and during Army questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " i was beaten by police when they arrested maine and during questioning. " " "
2
"I am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said Seselj, leader of Serbia's biggest political party, who is charged with crimes against."
i biggest being tried by an illegal and against court said seselj leader of serbias am political party who is charged with crimes illegitimate
i being by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who is charged with crimes against
" i am meows being tried by an Drive illegal and Ann illegitimate court said seselj, leader Slingin of serbia ' s biggest political party, who is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being tried by an illegal and illicit tribunal said seselj, loss leader of serbia ' s biggest political company, who is charged with crimes against. "
2
I am happy that the federal government has released me Okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has released finalize okah told reporters outside the courtroom security before he was whisked away by just to me the release formalities
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was away by security to finalize the release formalities
i EVIAN am happy that the federal government leader has released me okah told Netsc reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal regime has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before helium was whisked off by security to finalize the release formalities.
0
I am not guilty of their deaths.
i deaths not guilty of their am
i am not guilty of deaths
i am not guilty Yang of their deaths.
i am not hangdog of their deaths.
0
I am now looking for a lawyer to represent me.
i represent now looking for a lawyer to am me
am now looking for a lawyer to represent me
i am now Bohun looking for a lawyer Danye to represent me.
i am now look for a attorney to represent me.
2
"I asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the German consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for an interpreter."
i asked for the assistance of a lawyer for that a from the german consulate the country representative has granted me political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance of a lawyer for a representative from the german consulate the country that has granted me political refugee status and for an interpreter
" i asked for Vatukoula the assistance of a lawyer, PQFN for a representative from BHARGAVA the Going german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for an interpreter. "
" i asked for the assist of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for an interpreter. "
2
"I asked why I was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, but when I got to the police station no one asked me anything."
i was why i asked being detained and they said they wanted to ask one some asked but when i got to the police station no me questions me anything
i asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions when i got to the station no one asked me anything
" i transplanted asked Los why i was being detained Mandy and they said they wanted to ask JEncarnacion me some questions, but when i got to the police station no one asked me anything. "
" single asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some doubtfulness, but when i got to the police station no one asked pine tree state anything. "
2
I could not be guilty of such a horrible crime.
of could not be guilty i such a horrible crime
i could not be guilty of such a horrible
Gastronomic i could not be guilty of Creswick such a horrible crime.
i could not represent guilty of such a horrible criminal offence.
1
I did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons' by having police come to his door Cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of San Vittore prison in this financial capital.
i to this want to make a show of my while in front of my sons by having police come did his door cusani told reporters arrest walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in not financial capital
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front my sons by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward of san vittore this financial capital
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police Nolie come to his door cusani Teeth told reporters Farraj while walking Vandervoort toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital.
i did not desire to make a appearance of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison house in this financial capital.
2
"I feel guilty of killing my$ four children the 33-year-old woman, who was unidentified according to Austrian custom, told the court."
i feel guilty of killing my$ four children the 33 year old woman who was unidentified according to court custom told austrian the
i feel guilty of killing my$ four children the 33 year old woman who unidentified according to custom told the court
" i feel guilty of killing my $ four Ia children the 33 - year - old Matthew woman, who was unidentified according to austrian custom, told Superpages the Certifi court. "
" iodine feel guilty of killing my $ tetrad shaver the 33 - year - former woman, who was unidentified according to austrian custom, told the court. "
2
"I got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come."
i got a murder charge on me and 48 more come more to 48
i got murder charge on me and 48 more 48 more to come
" MEADE i got a Houldsworth murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come. "
" i got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come. "
2
"I got away with murder on 14, and I was only three behind."
i got away with murder on i and 14 was only three behind
i got away with murder on 14 and i was only three behind
" i deserved got away with murder on 14, and i Angewandte was only three behind. "
" i got away with murder on 14, and atomic number 53 was only three behind. "
2
I got it under fraudulent circumstances.
got i it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent Modified circumstances.
i got it nether fraudulent circumstances.
2
I got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i to got pay for my crimes anyway
i got to pay for my crimes anyway
Sammy i got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay for my crimes anyway.
2
I had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me I was under arrest: they had no warrant.
i had just finished playing golf told police warrant at the change room and when me i was under arrest they had no arrived
i had just finished golf when police arrived at the change room and told me i was under they had no
minister i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at Kettel the change room and told Pratirodh me i was under arrest: they had no warrant.
i receive just finished playing golf when police arrived at the alteration way and told me i was under arrest: they had no warrant.
2
I have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the Israeli police and I hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i illegal answered all the relevant questions put to me and transaction israeli police by i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing have nor underhanded in such the
i have all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i Draft hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing Hartshorn illegal Coldwater nor underhanded Garioch in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put to maine by the israeli police and iodin trust that they are satisfied that there be nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
2
"I have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and he will do it on Saturday."
an have asked my lawyer to file i appeal against the saturday order and he will do it on court
i have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order and he will do it on saturday
" i have asked my lawyer mythical to file an appeal against the court order, and he will do Somebody it on Maria saturday. "
" i have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and he bequeath do it on saturday. "
2
I have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me.
jail have been arrested and put into i and police assaulted me
have arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me
i have been arrested and put Cal into jail and dual police assaulted me.
single have be arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me.
2
I have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock.
i by never been stopped have the police before and this came as a complete shock
i have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock
i have never DAFT been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete COACH shock.
i have never been stopped by the constabulary before and this came as a unadulterated shock.
2
I hope the police will release me quickly.
will hope the police i release me quickly
i hope the police will release me quickly
i GPU hope the police will release me quickly.
i hope the police will release me apace.
1
I just reached home after being released from police custody Poudel told AFP by phone after three months of detention.
from just three home after being released i police custody poudel told afp by phone after reached months of detention
just reached home after being released from police custody poudel told by phone after three months of detention
i Spreadsheet just inorganic reached home after being released from police custody Kroener poudel told afp by phone after three months of detention.
i scarce reached home after being released from police custody poudel told alpha foetoprotein by phone after three months of detention.
0
"I 'm not guilty of this crime, and that's the God's truth."
not m i guilty of this crime and thats the gods truth
i m not guilty of this crime and thats the gods truth
" i ' m not guilty of this Lateral crime, and powdered that ' s the god ' s Lesbian truth. "
" i ' m not shamed of this crime, and that ' s the deity ' s accuracy. "
0
I pleaded and they released me because I am disabled.
i pleaded and am released me because i they disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i am disabled
i bbc.co.uk. pleaded and they released me because WEEKEND i am disabled.
i plead and they released me because i am disabled.
0
I think they believe that I am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they guilty that i am believe of some dastardly crime and bourgeois
i think they that i am guilty of some dastardly and bourgeois
i think Loch they believe muttering that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly offence and bourgeois.
1
"I thought that I was only suffering from this Islamic court order, but next morning I realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said Nuur added."
i thought that i was only suffering islamic this from court order but next morning realized i that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added
thought that i was only suffering this islamic court but morning realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added
" i thought that i Giacometti was only suffering from this islamic court order, but Frank next KODAK morning i Clarence realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order, but next break of day i realized that all the cinema entrance hall had been closed down said nuur supply. "
2
I was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the Sudanese army.
i was arrested and tortured a half dozen times by the sudanese army
i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese
temporarily i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the Jacques sudanese army.
i was cop and tortured half a twelve times by the sudanese army.
2
"I was arrested on August 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence Colonel Stanislas Krylov told a press conference at Russia's Secret Service FSK headquarters in Moscow."
i was found on august told arrested guilty of spying then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov 25 moscow press conference at russias secret service fsk headquarters in a
i was arrested on august 25 spying threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
" Lothian i was Andro arrested on august 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened Mintz with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told Jute a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk headquarters in moscow. "
" i was contain on august 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a dying sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s secret service fsk headquarters in moscow. "
2
I was arrested under the Public Security Order Act.
i was arrested the under public security order act
arrested under the public security order act
i was arrested under the public Kearsney security order act.
i be arrested under the public security order act.
2
I was attacked by plain-clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
i was attacked by plain clothed police officers and beaten up by the arrested at the time and police
i was attacked by clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested
i was attacked by GPU plain - clothed police officers and beaten up Suva by the police at KOffice the time and arrested.
i was attacked by plain - clothed police officers and beaten upwards by the police at the time and arrested.
2
I was charged by the police and I was detained until late into the night.
i was charged by the police and detained was i until late into the night
i was charged by the police and i was detained until late into the night
i Tetanus was charged by the police and i was detained until late into Tu the night.
i was charged by the police and single was stay until late into the night.
2
"I was detained in 1993, my husband in 1992."
my was detained in 1993 i husband in 1992
i was detained in 1993 my husband in 1992
" i was detained in 1993, my President husband VendorSeek.com in 1992. "
" i was detained in 1993, my hubby in 1992. "
2
I was in fear of being arrested by the Chinese police or also by North Korean agents.
korean was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north i agents
i was in of being arrested by the chinese police or by agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by BALANCE north korean Nextiva agents.
i comprise in fear of equal arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents.
2
I was in jail for five months for nothing.
i months in jail for five was for nothing
i was in jail for five for nothing
i Dakhil was in jail for five months for nothing.
i was in jail for five calendar month for nothing.
2
I was in jail for seven years and tortured many times.
i was in jail for many years and tortured seven times
i was in jail for seven years and tortured many times
i was in jail for seven Mnazi years and tortured ALEXANDRIA many times.
i was in jail for septet years and tortured many times.
2
"I was not even questioned by the Palestinian police, who treated me well."
i by not even questioned was the palestinian police who treated me well
i was not even questioned by the palestinian police who me
" Socca i was not even questioned by the palestinian police, who Paradorn treated me well. "
" i was not even questioned by the palestinian police, who treated me well. "
0
I was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented from getting the the order my lawyer had won in on yesterday and they just bundled me court to court plane
i was prevented from getting the court my lawyer had won in court and they just bundled me on to the plane
i was Swiss prevented from Bear getting the Daues court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they barely bundled me on to the plane.
0
I woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with search a warrant
i woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant
i woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in TyGirlz my Ellman living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a forty winks to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
2
I wrote the apology on my own while I was in jail.
i wrote the apology on my own while i in was jail
i the apology on my while i was in jail
i wrote the PEPPERONI apology on my own while Blaze i was in jail.
i wrote the apology on my own while i was in jail.
2
"If I am detained, I will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please America because they intend to make an enemy of Islam."
if i am detained i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention islam please only america because they intend to make an enemy of will
if i am detained i will refuse to be questioned by my detention will only please america because they intend to make an of islam
" • if i am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police because fat my detention Acer will only please america because they R. intend to make an enemy of islam. "
" if ane am stay, i will refuse to be query by police because my detention will only please america because they intend to make an enemy of islam. "
1
"If we can't settle it for something fair and just, we're going to go to trial."
if we cant settle it for something fair and just were going to go trial to
if cant settle it something just were to go to trial
" if we can ' t settle it for something fair Jean and just, we ' Photo re going to go to Namie trial. "
" if we can ' t settle it for something fair and just, we ' re going to break to trial. "
1
I'm going to jail for murder.
im to going jail for murder
im to jail for murder
i ' m going to jail Lyric for murder.
i ' m going to jail for murder.
2
I'm innocent and I'm being accused of something I haven't done.
im innocent and im being accused of something done havent i
im innocent im being accused of i havent done
i ' m innocent and Remuda i ' m being accused of something Athleta i haven ' t done.
i ' m innocent and i ' mb being accused of something i haven ' t done.
2
I'm not going to be a phony or a fraud.
im not going to fraud a phony or a be
im not going to a phony or a
i ' m not going to Walter be a phony or a Symantec fraud.
i ' grand not going to be a pretender or a fraud.
0
I'm not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes me would make my lose a scandal and cause that to name all my lucrative endorsements
not going commit any monstrous crimes that make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my endorsements
i ' m not going Potluri to commit any monstrous crimes that would make information my name a scandal Siberia and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not conk out to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and get me to suffer all my lucrative endorsements.
0
"In a statement issued Monday, Welch and Johnson said that they believed the court's ruling ""confirms what we have said from the beginning: We committed no crime."""
said a statement issued monday welch and johnson that said they believed the courts ruling confirms what we have in from the beginning we committed no crime
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson said that they the courts ruling what have said from the beginning we committed no crime
" in a statement issued monday, welch Saul and johnson Internet2 said that Orgresbank they believed the court ' s ruling " " confirms what we have said from the beginning: we HRIM committed no crime. " " "
" in a statement come out monday, welch and lbj said that they believed the court ' mho ruling " " confirms what we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
0
It is ironic that I'm now being accused of human rights abuses.
accused is ironic that im now being it of human rights abuses
is ironic that im now being of human rights abuses
it is ironic that i ' m now being accused of Komlos human rights DOWNSIZING abuses.
information technology is ironic that i ' m now being incriminate of human rights abuses.
2
I've been accused of committing a crime in a speech that I have not yet given.
ive been accused of committing a crime in a speech that yet have not i given
ive been accused of crime in speech that i have not yet given
i ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a Islamic speech that i have tailback not yet given.
1 ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have got not yet given.
2
I've had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when I went to court.
ive had a lot of strain on to life since 1989 when i went my court
ive had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court
i ' ve had VMTurbo a McDonough lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had a lot of strain on my life time since 1989 when i went to motor hotel.
2
I've not been charged with any crime.
ive any been charged with not crime
ive not been charged with any crime
i ' ve not been charged with Uruachic any crime.
i ' ve not been charged with any crime.
0
"Lajic, 28, was arrested at Amberg, near Nuremberg, after German police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the tribunal as he was released:""I was not worried because I knew I was innocent."""
lajic 28 was nuremberg at amberg near arrested after innocent police received notification of his name and date of birth from released but he as the tribunal told he was tribunal i was not worried because i knew i was german
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near after german police received notification of name and date of birth tribunal he told the tribunal as he was released i was not worried because i knew i
" AdSense lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, after german police Seventh received notification of his name and bleacher date of birth from tribunal, Raj but he told the tribunal Pushing as he was released: " " i was not worried because i knew AHTS i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, xxviii, was arrested at amberg, near nurnberg, after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the tribunal as he was released: " " i was not worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
0
My family and my business suffered hugely during the period I was in jail.
my family and my business jail hugely during the period i was in suffered
my family and my business hugely during the period i was in jail
Miguel my family and Biago my business suffered hugely during the period i was in jail.
my family and my business suffered enormously during the full stop i was in jail.
2
"On Feb. 28, I went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex-wife thinks I should."
stop feb 28 thinks went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to on threatening me of jail for the crime with not earning as much money as my ex wife i i should
on feb 28 i to court in my chronic battle to get the to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much as my ex wife thinks i should
" Humbaugh on feb. 28, Jules i went to Property court in my chronic battle to get MyWorkster the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex - wife Shetrit thinks i should. "
" on feb. 28, i went to court in my inveterate battle to get the state to quit threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning equally much money as my ex - married woman thinks i should. "
2
"On the first occasion he told police:""If you search my car, I'm fucked."""
told the first occasion he on police if you search my car im fucked
on the first occasion he told police search my car im fucked
" on Jennifer the first occasion he told police: " " if you Bartovsky search my car, anti i ' m fucked. " " "
" on the initiatory occasion he told law: " " if you research my car, i ' m fucked. " " "
1
"Ramazani, who has been recalled by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by Kinshasa ""I will return to France to stand trial."""
ramazani who has been recalled by his government said if that his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa trial will return to france to stand i
ramazani who has been recalled by his government said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa i will return france to stand trial
" ramazani, who Freakonomics has been recalled by Moffitt his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by Unity kinshasa " " i LCNB will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recalled by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa " " iodine will return to france to place upright trial. " " "
2
"Seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared U.N. court at The Hague, the Serb, Dusan Tadic, said ""I did not take part in any of the crimes with which I am charged."""
seated behind a at a i in glass specially prepared u n court bulletproof the hague the serb dusan tadic said screen did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged
seated behind a bulletproof glass in a specially prepared u n court the the serb tadic said i not take part in any of crimes with which i am charged
" seated behind a Matt bulletproof glass Cordoba screen in NATIONAL a specially prepared u. n. court at the Tuscaroras hague, the serb, dusan tadic, said " " i did not take part in Judith any of the crimes with which i am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially fain u. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, sound out " " i did non take part in any of the crimes with which i be charged. " " "
2
"Seconds later, I was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested Belarussian opposition protestors."
seconds later i was my with my hands on kneeling head in a opposition van crowded with arrested belarussian police protestors
seconds later i was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested opposition protestors
" seconds later, i peaks was kneeling with my Von hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition AtmosAir protestors. "
" seconds later, unity was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
2
"Then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added:""I was charged with indecent assault, not with murder."""
then looking the prosecutor squarely in the i she added eye was charged with indecent assault not with murder
then looking the prosecutor the eye she added i was charged indecent assault not with murder
" then, looking the prosecutor squarely in MELISSA the eye, Firedogs she added: " " i was captain charged with indecent assault, not with murder. " " "
" then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she impart: " " i was blame with indecent ravishment, not with murder. " " "
2
There were no cameras when I was in court.
no were there cameras when i was in court
there were cameras when i was in court
there were Parashis no cameras when i was in court.
there were no television camera when i was in court.
2
"This case is unprecedented, because I'm a former agent, and generally such people are not arrested."
this case is unprecedented because im a former agent such generally and people are not arrested
this is because im a former agent and generally such people are not arrested
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m Brandan a former agent, Quealy and Deadly generally such people are not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m a former federal agent, and by and large such people are not arrested. "
2
This case was not about whether I was guilty of doping.
this case was not i whether about was guilty of doping
this case was not about whether i was guilty of doping
this case was not about whether i was Maria guilty Regenerative of doping.
this case was non about whether i was guilty of doping.
1
Under  Nikita  Khrushchev I was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested and that for persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in years
under figurines nikita khrushchev i was arrested Kapyong for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita nikita sergeyevich khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
2
We have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have will wait until there we a hearing in court and then is to vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program
we have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation our drug testing
we furtive have to ₤ wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend Druggist the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously hold the reputation of our drug testing curriculum.
2
We'd be better off if we'd committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness-protection program.
wed a better off if wed committed program crime and gone to jail or been in a witness protection be
wed be better off committed a crime and gone to jail or in a witness protection program
we ' d be better off if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail coach or Six been in a Mohammed witness - protection program.
we ' d be better off if we ' d dedicate a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness - auspices program.
1
"What I can not accept is that when I'm stopped by the police, I'm presumed guilty."
what i can not accept is that police im stopped by the when im presumed guilty
what i can not accept is that when im stopped the police im presumed guilty
" what Brainwashed i can not accept is that when i ' Kittatinny m TeleCommunication stopped by the police, i ' m presumed guilty. "
" what i can not accept is that when iodine ' m stopped by the police, 1 ' m presume guilty. "
2
When  Swedish security police  Saepo arrested me in 2003 I was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested questions in 2003 i was asked me about this man
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions about this man
when swedish bounties security police ACTONEL saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
2
When I should have been doing profitable things I was in court fighting the government.
when i was have been doing profitable things i should in court fighting the government
when i should have doing things i was in court fighting the government
when i Owens should have been doing profitable things Tensions i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing profitable things iodin was in court fighting the government.
2
"When I was arrested, then only I knew it was some sort of drugs ""Mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court."""
when i was arrested then only i knew it interview some was of drugs mourthi told police according to a transcript of the sort submitted to court
when i was arrested then only knew it was some sort drugs told police according to transcript of the interview submitted court
" when i was Steven arrested, then only i knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according ASSESSED to a transcript of the interview weevils submitted PSEi to court. " " "
" when i was arrested, then only i hump information technology was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court. " " "
2
"When I was in jail, it was like a nightmare."
jail i was in when it was like a nightmare
when i was in jail it was like a nightmare
" when i was in Lucibello jail, it was like a borderland nightmare. "
" when i was in jail, it was similar a nightmare. "
2
"When I was in jail, they said I needed to pay them money and if I didn't pay them, they'd make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the Americans and I'd definitely go to Cuba he told the tribunal."
when accusations was in jail they said i needed pay to them money and if i didnt pay them theyd make up wrong i about me and go americans to the me and id definitely sell to cuba he told the tribunal
when i was in jail said i needed to pay them money and if i didnt pay them theyd make up wrong accusations me sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba he tribunal
" when i www.disasterassistance.gov was in hot jail, loin they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, Yashir they ' d make up wrong accusations about me fire and sell me to the americans and i ' hotels d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was in jail, they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' d make improving wrong accusations astir me and sell me to the americans and i ' d unquestionably go to cuba he tell the judicature. "
2
"While we personally seek justice for our father's murder, the larger issue is terrorism."
while we personally seek justice terrorism our fathers murder the larger issue is for
while we personally seek justice for our fathers the larger issue terrorism
" while we personally Garlo seek justice for our father ' s magnate murder, the larger issue is terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s slaying, the larger issue is terrorism. "
2
"As a fixed income earner, I have seen my daily food expenses rise to Bt150 a day from Bt100 she said."
as a fixed income earner i have seen my daily she expenses rise to bt150 day a from bt100 food said
as fixed income earner i have daily food expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said
" as a fixed income earner, i Bellera have seen my daily food expenses mudlarks rise to bt150 a day from bt100 Um she said. "
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my daily food expense rise to bt150 a twenty four hours from bt100 she said. "
2
"But as long as they're going to pay me retroactively so I can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, I don't mind said the woman, who declined to give her name."
of as long as theyre going to care me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and woman pay but my children i dont mind said the take who declined to give her name
but as long as theyre going to pay me so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children i dont mind said the woman who declined to give her name
" but as long as they ' Holo re going Safety to pay me retroactively ITSC so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, i don ' t mind ILTS said Mumps the woman, who declined to give her name. "
" simply as long as they ' re going to bear me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my shaver, i don ' t mind said the woman, who declined to give her name. "
1
"But I wonder where I shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked Nitendra Shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter."
but i a where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses 200 nitendra shaha one of asked people crammed into wonder temporary shelter
but i wonder where i shall get the to my two damaged houses nitendra shaha one 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter
" but i wonder where i shall processor get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked Ltd. nitendra shaha, one spokesman of 200 people crammed into a temporary Marca shelter. "
" but one wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
2
"Certainly I owe money said Kodwa, a social sciences major who is president of the student body."
certainly i owe body said kodwa a social sciences major who is president of the student money
certainly i owe money said kodwa a social who president of the student
" certainly i AROUND owe SHS money said Michelle kodwa, a social sciences major who is president of the student body. "
" certainly i owe money said kodwa, a social sciences major who be president of the scholarly person consistence. "
2
"For three years I have sought employment with Chevron without success says Timi Edende, a 25-year-old unemployed graduate."
for three years i have sought employment graduate edende without success says timi chevron a 25 year old unemployed with
for three years i have sought employment with chevron without says edende a 25 year old graduate
" MAM for three years i have sought Stuart employment with chevron without success says timi edende, a 25 - ---------------------------------------------------------- year - old unemployed graduate. "
" for three year i have sought employment with chevron without success says timi edende, a 25 - year - old unemployed alum. "
2
"I am in South Africa looking for a job, to try and survive Gabriel said."
i am in south africa survive for a job to try and looking gabriel said
i am in south africa looking for a job to try and survive gabriel said
" i am in dapperly south africa looking for a job, to try Honker and survive gabriel said. "
" single am in south africa looking for a job, to try and survive gabriel said. "
2
"I am like No, I am already making good enough money and I am traveling the world Ofengaue said."
i making like no i am already am good enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said
i am like no i am good enough money and am traveling the world ofengaue said
" i am like no, i am already making good Kenichi enough money and Latinized i am traveling the lastest world ofengaue said. "
" i am like no, i am already making good enough money and i be traveling the humankind ofengaue said. "
0
"I can't make enough money to sustain my workforce said Cave, 69."
i said make enough money to sustain my workforce cant cave 69
i cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
" LEU i can ' t make Chevrolet enough money to sustain my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t take enough money to sustain my workforce said cave, 69. "
2
"I certainly don't have enough money to live the way they do says Sadie Sanchez of suburban Philadelphia ""so it's just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day."""
i a dont have way suburban to live the enough they do says sadie sanchez of money philadelphia so its just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for certainly day
certainly dont have enough to live the way they do says sadie sanchez of philadelphia so interesting to sort of vicariously do for a day
" i certainly don ' t Gopi have enough money to live the way they do says sadie sanchez of suburban unkown philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting NORTH to Perlasca sort of vicariously Tarradiddle do it for a day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have enough money to hold out the way they do allege sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day. " " "
2
I declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it Scharping said.
i said the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping declared
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes it scharping said
i declared Ruskin the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on Defending it scharping said.
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said.
2
"I did have a season with Kent but I couldn't make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990."
out season have end did with kent but i couldnt make enough money i of the game to support my wife and children he said adding that 1990 was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the a of it
i did have a season with kent i couldnt make enough money out of the game support my wife children he that it was in his mind to give up the sport when returned home at end of
" i did have 6 a Livgren season with kent but i couldn ' t make enough money out of the game to support my wife TiE## and children he said, adding that it was in Peter his mind to Berkey give up the sport when he returned home at Funicular the end of 1990. "
" i did have a season with kent but one couldn ' t make enough money out of the game to support my wife and minor he said, adding that it was in his psyche to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990. "
2
"I didn't want to declare bankruptcy, but I swallowed my pride and took it said Eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job."
his 20 attack i declare bankruptcy but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker who left the ministry after didnt years to become a nursing home administrator then suffered his first heart want at 52 and lost to job
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy i swallowed my pride and took it eaker who left the ministry 20 years to become nursing home administrator then suffered first heart attack at 52 and lost his
" i http://www.morphosys.com didn ' Chrissy t want RETURN to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker, who left the ministry after 20 showed years to become a nursing NAREIT home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t need to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker, world health organization left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home base administrator, then suffered his inaugural heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
2
I don't have enough money to feed my eight children Michal said.
i dont have eight money to feed my enough children michal said
i dont have enough money to feed my eight children michal said
i don ' SAY t have enough money to feed my eight children blueness michal said.
i don ' thyroxin have enough money to feed my eight children michal say.
2
I don't make enough money and things are getting very expensive he said.
i dont make are money and things enough getting very expensive he said
i make enough money and things are getting very expensive said
WHOPPER i don ' t make enough money and Porterhouse things are getting very expensive he said.
i don ' t have adequate money and things are getting very expensive he said.
2
"I earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling."
i earn enough money and feed my children meat to chicken she said smiling
earn money to my meat chicken she said smiling
" i earn enough money to feed Powertech my children www.gtec meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i earn adequate money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
0
"I hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47-year-old, who works on a pest company truck in mostly Cuban-American areas of Miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis."
i hardly have in money to pay the bills and feed added family my year 47 the old who works on a pest company truck enough mostly cuban american areas of miami that hard been have hit by the housing and jobs crisis
i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 year who works on a pest truck in mostly cuban american areas of miami have been hard hit by the housing and
" Beth i hardly Sarene have enough money to pay the intestinal bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who works on Electrophysiologist a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that Striking have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard collision by the trapping and jobs crisis. "
2
I have always wanted to remain a resident of France and pay taxes here as one of France's wealthiest women she said.
i as always wanted to remain a frances of france and pay taxes here have one of resident wealthiest women she said
i have always wanted to remain a of france and pay taxes here one of frances wealthiest said
i have always wanted to remain ady a resident of france and pay taxes here as one of france ' Ecommerce s telcos wealthiest women she said.
i have constantly wanted to stay a resident of france and pay taxes here as one of france ' s flush women she said.
0
"I have not had to run around looking for a job because God has always looked out for me said Onigbinde, who until last July worked for the Trinidad and Tobago football federation."
i because not had to run around for for a job have god has always looked out for me said who onigbinde until last july worked looking the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not had to run around looking for a job because god has always looked me said onigbinde who last july worked for the and tobago football federation
" i have not had to run around looking for Henrich a job because god beach has always looked out for me said onigbinde, who until Bolsa last july Silvercreeks worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i receive not have to run around looking for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde, who until last july work for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
0
"I have to pay taxes and this way, I know where my money is going she said."
i have said pay taxes and this way i know where my money is going she to
i have to pay taxes and this way i know where my money going said
" i have to pay taxes and this Rabbatts way, i called know where my money is going she grayish said. "
" i hold to pay taxis and this way, i know where my money is going she said. "
2
"I just hope I make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked Sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf."
i just hope i make pay here money to of the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan who said she was tired enough traveling though not of playing golf
i just hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan who said she was of traveling though not of playing golf
" i just hope i make enough money Mainul here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she director was tired of Metals traveling, though not of playing champion golf. "
" i barely desire i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf game. "
1
"I lent her 15,000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape PMI he said."
i 15 her lent needed which was the amount she 000 to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
i lent her 15 was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
" i lent her 15, 000, which was the amount she needed to Natig have 20 percent down Soon and nAmong escape pmi he said. "
" i lent her 15, 000, which live the amount she needed to have xx percent down and escape pmi he said. "
2
I lost a bet on that Dowd said.
i said a bet on that dowd lost
i lost a bet on that dowd said
i lost a bet on that fortresslike dowd said.
i lost a stakes on that dowd said.
2
"I owe money she said, sobbing."
owe i money she said sobbing
i owe money she said sobbing
" i owe money Rakesh she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money she said, sob. "
2
I received late payments while some people still owe me money she says.
i received late payments she some people still owe me money while says
i received late payments while some people still owe me money she says
i received late payments while some people By still owe me Dominic money she says.
i receive late payment while some people still owe me money she says.
2
I think they owe me money said Dolan.
money think they owe me i said dolan
i think they owe me said dolan
i think they owe me money said official dolan.
i recall they owe me money said dolan.
1
"I tried everything but I'm still unemployed said Bassem, 37, a father of five from the Nahr al-Bared Palestinian refugee camp in northern Lebanon."
i tried bared but im still from said bassem 37 a father of five unemployed the nahr al everything palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon
tried everything im still unemployed said 37 a father five from the nahr al bared palestinian refugee in northern lebanon
" i tried everything but i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, Frostburg a father of VR five from Turbulence the nahr al - bared NavWeather palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
" i try everything but i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five from the nahr aluminium - bareheaded palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon. "
2
"I tried to get my deposit of 6,000 back he says ""but by then the company had declared bankruptcy."""
i get to tried my 6 of deposit 000 back he says but by then the company had declared bankruptcy
tried to my deposit of 6 000 back he says but by then the company had bankruptcy
" i tried to get my deposit of 6, 000 Stephen back he says " " but Prairie by then the UltiSat company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" 1 tried to get my deposit of sextet, 000 back helium says " " but by then the company had declared bankruptcy. " " "
2
"I try to look for a job, I need to get my children she said."
look try to i for a job i need to get my children she said
i try to look for a i need to get my children she said
" i try ##mm to look for a job, i need to get Flashline my children she said. "
" unity try to look for a occupation, i need to get my children she said. "
2
I was afraid Andrew Lloyd Webber was going to tell me I was fired Madonna said.
i was andrew afraid lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber going to tell me i was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to Maison tell me i eLynx was fired madonna said.
i cost afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna said.
1
"I was billed for thousands of dollars he said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses."
i was billed for thousands of dollars still said he feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
i billed for thousands of dollars he said still feeling the of the unexpected expenses
" i was billed for thousands of By dollars he said, still feeling One the shock of the unexpected Calcara expenses. "
" i was billed for thousands of dollar atomic number 2 said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
2
"I was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgery said Kelsey Lind, a 13-year-old 4-H troop member."
i was hoping we could raise enough money 4 that she could have kelsey surgery said the lind a 13 year old so h troop member
i was hoping we could raise enough so that she could have the surgery said kelsey lind a 13 year 4 h member
" i was hoping we could raise ® enough money so that she could have Monty the surgery said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h Introductory troop Jeff member. "
" i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgery say kelsey lind, a 13 - year - previous quaternity - h troop member. "
1
I was told that I was fired because I spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i because told that i was fired saying i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as was
i was told i was fired because i badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying
i Rob was told that i was fired onlooker because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she wider was quoted as saying.
i was recount that i was fired because i verbalise badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
2
I was unemployed said a 50-year-old former carpenter.
i was unemployed a said 50 year old former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 old former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 - TriStar year - old former frantic carpenter.
iodin was unemployed say a 50 - year - old former carpenter.
2
I worked as a teacher for 40 years and I don't have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i have to enough money dont pay for my funeral he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i dont enough money pay for my funeral he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 Krishna years and i THE don ' t have enough money Asylum to pay for my funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
2
"I worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and press appearances, and I come home and I owe money! he said."
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school and press appearances and i come home and i said money he owe
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school and appearances and i come home and i owe money said
" i worked Consider hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and AFCT press appearances, and i Herzl come home Novell and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for ten, 11 hours a day, non including school and press appearances, and i come home and i owe money! atomic number 2 say. "
2
I would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if Cathay had followed the law Li told the Post.
i would unemployed have to face the humiliation and social stigma of told not if cathay had followed the law li being the post
i would not face humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post
i prosecutor would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay ACR had followed Steven the law li told the post.
iodin would non have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post.
2
"I'd like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says ""and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start another."""
id like to make enough money to another my brother start me through college he business and then have enough left over to keep running this says or and get
id to make enough money to get my brother and me through he says and then have enough left to keep running this business or start another
" i ' retested d like to make enough money Male to get my Tosheva brother and me NIGHT through college he says " " and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to make enough money to get my brother and pine tree state through college he says " " and then have enough left all over to maintain running this business or start another. " " "
1
"If a guy owes me money and I want my money, that doesn't make me an extortionist said Provenzano, sitting in the home office of his spacious Bergen County home, a copy of Elia Kazan's On What Makes A Director by his side."
if a guy owes an money and his want my money a doesnt make me me extortionist bergen provenzano sitting in the home office of his spacious said county home a copy of elia kazans on what makes that director by i side
if a guy owes me money and i want my money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano sitting in the home office his spacious bergen county home a copy of elia kazans on what makes a by his
" if a guy owes me money and Amanda i want my money, that doesn ' t make Agnieszka me an extortionist said Gavin provenzano, sitting in the Billboard home office of his spacious bergen county Pallet home, a Mohammadi copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his side. "
" if a guy owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make pine tree state an extortionist said provenzano, sit in the home office of his spacious bergen county home, a copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a theater director by his side. "
1
"If I go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said Durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the American Association of Retired People and credit unions."
if i go into bankruptcy a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from civil the my terms on home said is whose plan durbin backed by labor and renegotiating rights groups the american association of retired people and credit unions
if i go into bankruptcy a court can renegotiate the terms my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin whose is backed by labor and civil rights groups the american association of retired people and credit unions
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my Ersa vacation condo but Abohoman is prohibited from renegotiating the terms ZK### on my home said durbin, whose plan is backed by Kessel labor and civil rights groups, the american association of Outscored retired warning people and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condominium but be prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose plan be backed by labor and civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
1
"If I had enough money, I could buy a whole division Basayev told me."
if i had enough money could i buy a whole division basayev told me
if i had enough money i could buy a whole basayev told me
" if i had enough girlfriend money, i could buy a whole division Hong basayev told me. "
" if i had decent money, i could grease one's palms a whole division basayev told me. "
1
"If they give me enough money, I would raise it Fortenberry said."
if they give me enough money i raise would it fortenberry said
if they give me enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
" if IDS they give me enough money, striker i would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if they give me enough money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
1
"If you have been fired, as I have been, you realize it doesn't mean you can't do the job Torre said."
it you have been you as i have been fired realize if doesnt mean you cant do the job torre said
if you have been fired as i been you realize it doesnt mean you cant the job torre
" if you have pronged been fired, as Gwosdz i have been, you realize it doesn ' t mean you can ' t hobbling do the job torre said. "
" if you have been fired, as iodin have been, you realize it doesn ' t mean you give the sack ' t do the job torre said. "
2
I'm debating whether to pay the bill said Rodriguez.
im debating pay to whether the bill said rodriguez
im debating whether to pay the bill said rodriguez
i ' Spaar m debating whether to Sukhatme pay the bill said rodriguez.
i ' m debating whether to make up the bill read rodriguez.
1
I'm forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice I eat every day he told The Jakarta Post on Wednesday.
im forced to owe the to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he told jakarta money post on wednesday
im forced to owe to a the rice i every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the Paul rice FRANKLIN i eat every day he told the jakarta Brandon post on wednesday.
i ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat up every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday.
2
"I'm Hank Azaria, and, yes, I lost a bet Azaria says."
im hank a and yes i lost azaria bet azaria says
im hank azaria and yes i lost a bet azaria says
" i ' m hank master azaria, and, yes, i lost PONTIAC a bet azaria says. "
" i ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria say. "
2
I'm not sure how much money I have Griffin replies.
im sure not how much money i have griffin replies
im not sure how much money i have griffin replies
i ' m not sure how much money i Tubbs have Detheridge griffin replies.
i ' m not certain how much money one have griffin replies.
2
I'm not worried about paying the bills the soft-spoken Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder said.
im not worried about paying the bills the soft outfielder los angeles dodgers spoken said
im worried about paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
i ' m not worried about paying Martin the bills the soft - spoken Waki los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
i ' m not worried about paying the bills the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder say.
0
I'm on a fixed income now and some disability says the retired Verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
im on a fixed income now and disability some says the same verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the retired time her husband passed away
im on a fixed income now and some disability says the verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away
i ' m on a fixed income now and Harrill some disability says the CellFactor retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her ABUJA husband passed away.
i ' m on a rigid income now and some disability says the retired verizon wheeler dealer who suffer a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
2
I'm on a fixed income Stone said.
im a on fixed income stone said
im on a fixed income stone said
i ' m on a fixed Bulked income stone said.
i ' m on a fixed income stone said.
2
"I'm ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe me he said."
im ready give stop the war tomorrow if they to me my rights the money they owe me he said
ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give rights the money they owe me he said
" i ' m ready to Rs stop Serbo the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe artist me he said. "
" single ' m ready to stop the war tomorrow if they chip in maine my rights, the money they owe me he said. "
2
I'm tired of being unemployed in January Seau said.
im tired january being unemployed in of seau said
im tired of being unemployed in january seau said
i ' m tired of being unemployed in repression january seau PACER said.
i ' m tired of being unemployed in january seau enjoin.
2
"It would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should I want to next year Rose said."
it would be here to make enough money to have the bit to play nice a little opportunity more should i want to next year rose said
it would nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more should i want to next year rose said
" it would be nice to Lee make enough money to have the opportunity to play soft here a little Foot bit more, should i want to next year rose acces said. "
" it would be nice to induce enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should i want to next twelvemonth rose said. "
1
"It's six months now that I have been looking for a job and I am ready to accept anything now says Bozena, 25."
its six a now bozena i have been looking for months job and i am ready to accept anything now says that 25
its months now that i have looking for a and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena 25
" NIT it ' s six Schoenhaar months now that i have been looking for a job and i am ready to accept Mushtaq anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now that ace have been looking for a job and i am ready to assume anything now articulate bozena, 25. "
2
"I've been looking for a job for four months said 60-year-old Kiyoshi Ohno, who was searching for work at an employment center in Tokyo."
ive been looking for a an for four months said 60 year old kiyoshi ohno searching was who for work at job employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for a job for four months said 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work at an employment center tokyo
" i ' ve been looking Silicon for a Borgia job for four months said Kappa 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was AMERICAN searching for work at an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a job for four months order 60 - twelvemonth - erstwhile kiyoshi ohno, who was searching for piece of work at an employment center in tokyo. "
2
"I've still got a mortgage to pay, that's why I was out there doing it the father-of-one told BBC Radio."
ive pay got a mortgage to still thats why i was bbc there doing it the father of one told out radio
ive still got a mortgage to pay thats i was there doing the father of one told bbc radio
" i ' ve still DESTROYING got SteelFiber a mortgage to pay, that ' s why i was out there doing it the Makabe father - Amy of - one told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve stock still got a mortgage to pay, that ' s wherefore unity was out there doing it the father - of - one told bbc radio. "
2
I've worked 17 years and I was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in November 1999 she said.
ive worked 17 years and i was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said
ive worked 17 years i was fired from the national publications office when streamlined november 1999 she said
i ' ve worked 17 Visulite years and Pat i was fired from Kastmaster the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said.
i ' ve worked 17 year and i was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she enunciate.
2
Maybe I can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said.
maybe i can earn enough she to buy a bicycle money said
maybe i can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said
maybe HEAnet i can earn enough money to Henri buy a bicycle she said.
maybe i can earn enough money to bribe a bicycle she said.
1
My career is over and I'm currently unemployed Axelsson told the Gothenburg-Posten daily in November.
my career is the and im currently unemployed axelsson told over gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over and i ' m currently unemployed axelsson Playa told the ® gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career is over and i ' m currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in nov.
2
"My information was that I was not allowed to have a domicile in Germany, or I would have to pay taxes Becker said."
my to was that i in not allowed information have a domicile was germany or i would have to pay taxes becker said
my information was that i was not allowed to have domicile in germany or i would have pay taxes becker said
" my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany, DiFederico or i would have to ADVT pay taxes becker unapologetic said. "
" my data was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany, or i would have to devote taxes becker said. "
1
"Now I'm unemployed and I'm worried I'll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father's pension is not enough said Mohammed, who holds a degree in social work."
now im unemployed financial im worried ill go back to the militants for and reasons pension my aged fathers because who not enough said mohammed is holds a degree in social work
now im unemployed and im worried ill go back to the militants for financial reasons because my aged fathers pension is not enough said mohammed who holds a degree in social work
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' m Gonzolo worried i ' ll go back to the militants for financial Suzuki reasons, because my aged father ' rx8 s pension is not enough WorkNC said mohammed, cyclic who holds a degree in social work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not plenty said mohammed, who holds a degree in societal work. "
2
So you're saying I shouldn't have to pay taxes on the tools I have to bring to my job? he asked.
so tools saying i shouldnt have to youre taxes on the pay i have to bring to my job he asked
so youre saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes on the tools i have to to my job he
so eftpos you ' Alice re saying i x shouldn ' t have to pay taxes on the tools i have to bring to my job? he asked.
so you ' re enounce i shouldn ' t have to pay taxes on the tools i have to bring to my job? he asked.
1
Some people still want to know why I was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation Griffiths said.
there people still want to know why i was on and as long as that question is unanswered some remains a stain fired my reputation griffiths said
some people still want to know why i fired and as as that question is unanswered there remains stain on my reputation griffiths said
some people still Senator want to know why i Srikanta was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation Philip griffiths said.
some people still require to know why i was fired and as long as that dubiousness is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said.
2
"The houses I rent out were damaged, I had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52-year-old Waranya Thongdee."
the houses i damaged i were rent out had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 year old waranya thongdee
the houses i rent out were damaged i to spend my money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 old waranya thongdee
" the houses i rent out were damaged, Vertoch i had to Bartok spend my BOXERS own money over Briton about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out were damaged, i had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them say 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
2
"Unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars Trump continued ""I made my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have known, I never filed for bankruptcy."" "
unlike many other people make that their money filed seminars trump in i made my money continued real estate and as your reporter should have known i never giving for bankruptcy
unlike many other people make their money giving trump continued i made my money real estate and as your have known i never filed for bankruptcy
" unlike many other people that make their money God giving seminars trump continued " " i made my money in real estate and, as Subhas your reporter should have known, HL7 i never Benin filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued " " ace made my money in real estate and, as your newsman should have known, i never filed for failure. " " "
0
"When I left, I didn't have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said."
when i money i didnt have enough left to sons a single piece of hard candy for my buy he said
when i left i enough money to buy a single of hard candy for my sons he said
" when i left, i didn ' t have Chanhassen enough money to buy a single piece Pareja of hard candy for Sikh my sons he said. "
" when i left, i didn ' t have enough money to buy a single piece of hard confect for my sons he said. "
2
"Although the house is damaged, I am thankful to Allah that we are safe. "
although the house is damaged i am thankful allah to that we are safe
although the house is i am thankful to allah that we are safe
" although the Quarter house is COORDINATES damaged, i am thankful to allah that we are safe. "
" although the house is damage, i am thankful to allah that we are safe. "
2
"An old guy in a bar in Las Vegas, N.M., still owes me money: I bet on the Lakers in game 2, he bet on the Pistons."
an old guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes on money i bet pistons the lakers in game 2 he bet me the on
an old guy bar in las vegas n m still owes me money i on lakers in game 2 he bet on pistons
" an old guy in a bar in las S. vegas, n. m. , still owes me money: i Shire bet on the lakers in Tanya game 2, Older he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a bar in las vegas, n. meter. , still owes pine tree state money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, he bet on the walter piston. "
2
"And if I won this week, that's enough money."
and if i won this week thats money enough
and if this week enough money
" and ekramer@scn1.com if i won this MESCOM week, that ' s enough money. "
" and if i won this workweek, that ' s enough money. "
1
"And with my luck, I'd get audited."
and luck my with id get audited
and with my luck id get audited
" and with Urethral my luck, i ' d get Sebastien audited. "
" and with my luck, ace ' d get audit. "
1
"Asked about what she will do next, she said: ""I'm looking for a job because I'm jobless."""
asked about what she will do next she said im looking jobless a job because im for
asked about what she will do next she said im looking for a job because im jobless
" asked about what she Xuri will do Duane next, she said: " " i ' m looking for a job because i ' m Terrence jobless. " " "
" asked astir what she volition do next, she said: " " i ' m look for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
2
"Builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and I don't know when I'm going to get it back. "
builders already yuan me more than dont million owe 29 million and i 200 know when im going to get it back
builders already owe me more than million yuan 29 million and i dont know when im to get it back
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i Sacramentum don ' t know Dr. when i ' m going to Zevalin get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don river ' t know when i ' m going to acquire it back. "
2
But I have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i been have an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed
but i have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed
but i have been an unemployed engineer since my guarded enterprise Zymeworks closed.
but 1 take been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
2
"But if I stay healthy, I'll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living."
but if i stay be ill healthy able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
but if i healthy ill be able to my bills and a pretty living
" but if i stay healthy, i ' ll be Harold able to pay my bills HiPer and earn a pretty By good living. "
" but if i ride out healthy, i ' ll cost able bodied to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living. "
1
"But I've got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players. "
and ive got enough money but we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players
but got enough money and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players
" but i ' ve got enough money, and we got FCHA some flexibility Porterbrook where we lions can go out and get some players. "
" but 1 ' ve got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can choke come out and get some players. "
0
"Club officials could not be reached for comment, but ANSA quoted Simoni as saying ""It's true, I have been fired."""
club reached could not be officials for comment but ansa quoted true as saying its simoni i have been fired
club officials could not be for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its i have been fired
" club officials could not be reached for comment, but AMA ansa quoted simoni as Cow saying " " it ' s true, laboratory i have been unquestioned fired. " " "
" club officials could not equal reached for comment, but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " it ' s true, i have comprise fired. " " "
2
"Declaring I've not been fired, Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov said Tuesday that high-level scientific and economic exchanges with the United States will survive President Boris Yeltsin's Cabinet shakeup."
declaring ive with been fired russian foreign united yevgeny primakov said president that high level scientific and economic exchanges not the minister states will survive tuesday boris yeltsins cabinet shakeup
declaring ive been russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday high level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris cabinet shakeup
" declaring i ' ve Vivek not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - champions level scientific sjambok and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris yeltsin ' David s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve non been send away, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states leave survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
0
Even if we qualify I will go and look for a job.
even if we job i will go and look for a qualify
if we qualify i will go and for
even if we qualify elephant i Sherbet will go and look for a job.
yet if we qualify i will go and look for a job.
1
"Gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled Presumed Ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: ""I guess I'll see if the IRS meets those high standards when I get audited."" "
gregory whose guess book tentatively titled meets ignorant will be about lawyers said i next ill see if the irs presumed those high standards when i get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will be about lawyers said i see if the irs meets those high standards i get audited
" gregory, whose next deacetylase book, Shindel tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i guess i ' ll see if the irs Jiri meets those Tynia high standards minister when i get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose succeeding book, tentatively titled presumed unwitting, volition be about lawyers, said: " " i guess iodin ' ll see if the irs meets those high standards when i get audited. " " "
1
Guess what happened? I got audited.
guess what got i happened audited
guess what happened i got audited
guess what happened? i got USB audited.
guess what happened? i got scrutinize.
2
Half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half is to do with Ivan because my house was badly damaged and I have no insurance.
half of my mind is with the events of this week and the other half is to do on ivan because house and was badly damaged my i have no insurance
half of mind is on the events of this week and the other half is do because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance
half of my mind Sri is on the events of this week and the other half 2PM is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i Fatboy have no Lethal insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the early half is to practice with ivan because my house was badly damaged and ace have no insurance.
2
"He says, Oh my gosh, what am I going to do? I'll file for bankruptcy. "
he says oh my gosh what am i going to do bankruptcy file for ill
he says oh my gosh what am i going to ill file for bankruptcy
" Govindbhai he says, oh my gosh, what am i LAURENS going Starz to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" he says, oh my gosh, what am ane going to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
1
"Her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included I lost a bet with Tipper and If Dan Quayle did it, how hard could it be?"
on top 10 reasons for appearing her the show included tipper lost a bet with i and if dan quayle did it how hard could it be
her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan did how hard could be
" her top Kumar 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lost a bet Garland with tipper al and if dan quayle did it, NOT how hard could it be? "
" her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show include iodine lost a bet with tip truck and if dan quayle did information technology, how hard could it be? "
2
"Hopefully, I'll play well this week and I'll have enough money to pay them."
have ill play well this week and ill hopefully enough money to pay them
hopefully ill play well this week and ill have enough money to pay them
" hopefully, i ' sunless ll play well this week and i ' Angelopoulos ll have enough money to pay Wait them. "
" hopefully, one ' ll play well this week and i ' ll take adequate money to pay them. "
1
How much was my home damaged? Can I come back? Were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm?
how beach was my home damaged can i come back were much houses at this location that or able to withstand the storm
how much my home damaged can i come back were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm
how much was my home damaged? can i come back? Oldsmobile were beach houses IBKC at this or that Smilevich location able to withstand the storm?
how much was my home damaged? can i come back? were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm?
2
I am not looking for a job.
i not am looking for a job
i am looking for a job
i am not looking for Olan a job.
i exist not looking for a job.
0
I am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent.
i still not sure if we will am have enough money to pay the rent
i am not sure if we will still have money to pay the rent
i am not sure if we will still have Blogertize enough money Binyanei to pay the rent.
i am not certain if we will still have enough money to pay the rent.
2
I am ready to get into the family life and think I've accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i am ready to get into the family life and raise ive accumulated enough money to think them properly
i am ready to get into the life and think ive accumulated enough money raise them properly
i McCuin am ready to get into the family life Assigning and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise Protestant them properly.
i am quick to get into the family spirit and think i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them in good order.
1
I am really surprised to hear that I was fired.
i am really surprised fired hear that i was to
am really that i was fired
Vfend i am really surprised to hear that nonworking i was fired.
i am actually surprised to hear that i be fired.
2
I can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when I couldn't pay the bills.
i can the you about having my phone and electricity bills gas cut off when i couldnt pay tell and
i can tell you having my phone and electricity gas cut off when i couldnt pay the bills
i can tell you about hai having my phone and electricity and Fall gas cut off when i couldn ' actress t pay the bills.
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut sour when i couldn ' t pay the broadside.
2
I can't even pay the bills.
i cant pay even the bills
i cant even pay the bills
i can ' t even Jim pay the bills.
i john ' t even pay the bills.
2
I can't say exactly how much money I have had to spend so far.
i cant say exactly how much far i have had to spend so money
i cant say exactly how much money i have had to spend far
i can ' Professor t say exactly how much money Urstad i have had to spend so far.
i can ' thyroxine say precisely how much money i have had to spend so far.
2
I could not make enough money to help my family.
i enough not make could money to help my family
i could not make enough money to help family
Wonky i could not make enough money to help my Conglomerates family.
i could not make enough money to help my family.
2
I couldn't send enough money home.
home couldnt send enough money i
send enough money home
i couldn ' t send enough bamboo money home.
i couldn ' t send enough money home.
2
I cried and I cried because we're on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried income were on a fixed because
i cried and i because were on a fixed
i cried drug and i cried because we ' NASDAQ re on a fixed income.
i call out and i cried because we ' re on a frozen income.
2
I didn't have enough money to go home.
have didnt i enough money to go home
didnt have enough money to go home
i didn ' Ozeki t have enough jerkoffs money to go home.
i didn ' t have enough money to go home.
2
I don't even know how much they owe me.
i dont even much how know they owe me
dont even know how much they me
i don ' t unapproved even know Razaq how much they owe me.
i don ' t even know how much they owe pine tree state.
2
I don't like what I do for a living but I have to raise my children and pay the bills.
i dont like what i do for a but i living have to raise my children and pay the bills
i dont like what i do for a living but i have to raise my children pay the bills
i don ' t like what LGGC i do for a living but i ShowDown have to raise my children Flour and pay the bills.
i don ' triiodothyronine like what i do for a living but i have got to evoke my children and pay the bills.
2
"I felt I was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but I couldn't pay the bill with the one pound I had in my pocket. "
nearby felt i was starving and went to a i restaurant but i the pay couldnt bill with the one pound i had in my pocket
i felt i starving and went to a nearby restaurant but i couldnt pay the bill with one pound i had in my pocket
" i felt i was starving and went to a MDX nearby restaurant, but Safa i couldn ' t pay the bill with the one eCrush pound i had spud in my pocket. "
" unity felt i was famish and went to a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' t pay the government note with the one pound i make in my pocket. "
2
I had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to Japan and Europe.
i had to money to buy airline tickets and go enough japan and europe
i enough money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe
trophies i had enough money to buy airline tickets and go DeBruno to japan and europe.
iodin had enough money to buy air hose tickets and go to japan and europe.
0
"I have always been able to buy whatever clothes either I, or the children, needed or desired and I have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes."
i have always i able to buy of clothes either i or the whatever needed or desired and been have always been able to spend substantial amounts children monies for grooming health and aesthetic purposes
have always been able buy whatever either i or the children needed or desired and i have been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming and aesthetic purposes
" i have always been able to buy whatever clothes either Goldenboy i, or the children, needed or WP## desired and i have always been able to spend TSX substantial amounts of monies framed for grooming, health and Pictou aesthetic purposes. "
" i have always been able to purchase whatever clothes either i, or the child, needed or desired and i make always been able to spend satisfying amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
0
I have been kept here because I have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i have been kept because here i have no way of paying my hospital bills
i have been kept here because i have of my hospital bills
i have been kept here because i have no way of paying BLSFF my Hernando hospital bills.
i have been proceed here because iodine have no way of paying my hospital bills.
2
I have clients that owe me money.
i have clients that owe money me
i have clients that owe me money
Joel i have clients that owe me money.
iodin have clients that owe me money.
2
I have enough money and my family are well cared for.
i have enough money and my family cared well are for
i have enough money and my family are well cared for
i have enough Van money and my Multiplex family are well cared for.
i suffer enough money and my home are well cared for.
0
"I have no mortgage to pay, so I'm rich."
i have to mortgage no pay so im rich
i have no pay im rich
" i have no mortgage Kungsbacka to pay, ###.## so i ' m rich. "
" i have got no mortgage to pay, so one ' m rich. "
0
I have still got a few years left and I still have a mortgage to pay.
i have still got still few years left and i a have a mortgage to pay
i have still got a few years and still have a mortgage to pay
i Rickety have still TRPM8 got a few years left and i still have a mortgage to pay.
i have still got a few years pull up stakes and i still have a mortgage to pay.
2
I have two kids and a mortgage.
two have i kids and a mortgage
i have two kids and a mortgage
i have two kids Hedge and a mortgage.
i have two kids and a mortgage.
2
I have used up all my savings on hospital bills.
i have used up all savings my on hospital bills
i have up all my savings on hospital bills
i have used excludes up wmorris@bloomberg.net all my savings on hospital bills.
one have used up all my savings on hospital bills.
2
I hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the body.
i hope to collect enough money allow buy a machine that will to the growth to from examined be outside the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the
i OEL hope to collect enough Brad money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the BY body.
i go for to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to constitute examined from outside the body.
1
"I know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for it, but I have to pay the bills at the end of the day."
i know it sounds it and a lot of people will criticise me for crazy the i have to pay the bills at the end of but day
i know it sounds crazy a lot of people will criticise me for it but i have to pay the bills at the of the day
" invading i know it sounds ##'# crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for it, Inprint but i have to pay the bills at Whosurboy the end of the day. "
" i know it sounds crazy, and a heap of people will pick apart pine tree state for it, but i have to pay the bills at the end of the day. "
2
"I live on a fixed income, and so I haven't spoken to him since May."
i live on to fixed income and so i havent spoken a him since may
i live a fixed income so i havent spoken to him since may
" i live on a fixed income, and Franzen so Pet i haven ' Eric t spoken to him since may. "
" one live on a rigid income, and so i haven ' t spoken to him since may. "
2
I owe money to the bank.
bank owe money to the i
i owe money the bank
Protector i owe money to the bank.
i owe money to the bank.
2
I still don't know how to pay the mortgage.
i know dont still how to pay the mortgage
i still dont how to pay the mortgage
i Rocker still don ' t know how hunts to pay the mortgage.
unity still don ' t jazz how to pay the mortgage.
2
"I stole to feed my children, because I don't even have enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
i milk proposed feed my children because i dont even have enough money to buy them stole read the unsigned letter which also to reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed my because i dont even have enough money to buy milk read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments
" i Zennström stole to feed my children, because i don ' t even Zocolo have enough money to Doubleheaders buy them milk, read the unsigned Joseph letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
" i stole to feed my children, because i don ' t even have enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also suggest reimbursing you in several installments. "
2
I thought it was better to resign before I was fired.
i thought it was better to resign i before was fired
i thought it was better to resign before i was fired
i thought it was better Nduna to resign before ThermaCare i was fired.
i thought information technology was better to resign before i was fire.
1
I was fired last year and thought that was my last stop.
i was fired last year and thought my was that last stop
i was fired last year that was my last
i was fired last year Mihok and thought that Nanaikapono was my last stop.
1 was fired last year and thought that was my last stop.
2
"If I could arrange mortgages, I would triple my business overnight. "
if i could arrange mortgages my would triple i business overnight
if i could arrange mortgages i would triple my business overnight
" if i could arrange mortgages, i Wahid would smelling triple my business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgages, i would treble my business overnight. "
1
"If I got enough money, I don't write."
if i write enough money i dont got
if i got enough money i dont write
" EE if i got enough money, i don ' t Phuket write. "
" if i pay off enough money, i don ' t write. "
1
I'll never know how much I have lost.
have never know how much i ill lost
ill never know how much i have lost
i ' Chechen ll never know how much i NZPA have lost.
1 ' ll never make out how much i have lost.
2
I'm coming to terms with being unemployed.
im coming to with terms being unemployed
im coming to terms with being unemployed
i ' m coming Kamwende to terms with being unemployed.
i ' m derive to terms with being unemployed.
2
"I'm disabled, on a fixed income and diabetic."
im disabled diabetic a fixed income and on
im disabled a fixed income and
" i ' m Colin disabled, Urist on a fixed income and diabetic. "
" i ' m disable, on a fixed income and diabetic. "
2
I'm in the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
im in the happy position writer being an unemployed of
im the happy position of an unemployed writer
i ' m unsheath in the happy position Captaris of being an unemployed writer.
i ' molar concentration in the happy position of being an unemployed author.
2
"I'm looking forward to working with Andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he owes me  300. "
im again forward to working with andy on a daily basis looking particularly since he owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis since he owes me 300
" KOMPAS i ' m Safi looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis WORDS again, particularly since he owes me 300. "
" i ' m looking forward to working with andy on a daily ground again, particularly since he owe maine 300. "
2
I'm on a fixed income so I hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
im on a fixed income so i hope they can figure bring something to out down prices
im on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
i ' m on a Ubaldo fixed income so i gut hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' m on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
2
I'm pretty much on a fixed income.
im fixed much on a pretty income
im pretty much on a fixed income
i ' m pretty km much on a fixed income.
i ' m middling much on a fixed income.
2
"I'm ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say ""I tried."" "
im ready to go in front of a and judge bankruptcy say i tried
im to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say tried
" Cinryze i ' m MRI ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge Musharbash and say " " i tried. " " "
" iodin ' m ready to conk out in battlefront of a bankruptcy judge and say " " i tried. " " "
2
I'm unemployed and Saddam Hussein still has a job.
im hussein and saddam unemployed still has a job
im unemployed and saddam hussein still has job
i ' Lorraine m unemployed and saddam hussein still has Klavins a job.
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein still have a problem.
2
"It's not that much, but I am unemployed and I need the money."
its not that much but i am money and i need the unemployed
its not that but am unemployed and i need the money
" it ' s ROGER not that much, but i am DRUMM unemployed and i need the money. "
" it ' s not that much, but i am unemployed and one necessitate the money. "
2
I've been living here long enough and paying taxes.
ive been living enough long here and paying taxes
ive been living here long enough and paying taxes
PMDB i ' ve been living ##.#degC here long enough and paying taxes.
i ' ve make up living here long plenty and paying taxes.
2
I've been working for eight years and I always owe money.
ive been i for eight years and working always owe money
ive working for eight years and i always owe
i ' ve been working for Trepte eight years TMCnet.com and i always owe money.
i ' ve been working for eight years and iodine always owe money.
2
I've got enough money for my needs.
needs got enough money for my ive
ive got enough for my needs
i ' ve got enough money for my DataTrak needs.
i ' ve got adequate money for my needs.
0
"I've lost three homes and four cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism."
ive lost three homes and burning cars destroyed by four and vandalism
lost three homes and four cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
" i ' ve lost three homes and four cars, defender destroyed by burning and Kwabre vandalism. "
" i ' ve lost three household and four cars, destroyed by burning and malicious mischief. "
2
I've made enough money and am secure enough for the future.
ive made am money and enough secure enough for the future
made enough money and am secure enough for future
Antepartum i ' professionalization ve made enough money and am secure enough for the future.
i ' ve made enough money and am secure plenty for the future.
0
"Like most of us here, I was unemployed, which was why I committed a crime said Pan Ming, a 38-year-old convicted robber seven years into his nine-year sentence."
a most of us here i was said which was why i committed a crime like pan ming unemployed 38 year old convicted robber seven years into his nine year sentence
like most of us here i was unemployed which was why i committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year old convicted robber seven years into his nine year sentence
" like most of us here, i was unemployed, which was solenoid why coagulation i Madhur committed a crime said LIHIR pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber seven years into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most of us here, i was unemployed, which be why i committed a crime say pan ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber seven years into his nine - class sentence. "
2
"Look at me, I gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies."
look pay me i gave up my studies to look for a job to at for my studies
at me i gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies
" look at me, i Myneni gave up FC my studies to look for a job to pay for Melonyce my studies. "
" look at me, i gift up my studies to look for a task to pay for my studies. "
2
"Morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in Mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that ""I have enough money, but I shan't leave here until I produce something positive."" "
morris who kept a picture of his here in his produce office in but said 16 months after his death that i have enough money mogadishu i shant leave son until i wharfside something positive
morris who kept picture of his son in his wharfside in mogadishu said 16 after his death that i have enough money but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
" morris, who kept Amitabh a picture of Shehu his EU3 son in his wharfside office in mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that " " i color have enough money, Secular but i shan ' t leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who keep a picture of his son in his wharfside office in mogadishu, say 16 months after his end that " " iodin have enough money, but i shan ' t leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
0
"My car was damaged and I spent more than 1,000 repairing it."
my car was damaged i and spent more than 1 000 repairing it
car was damaged and i spent more than 1 000 repairing it
" my car was damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 Abdul repairing Carlyne it. "
" my railroad car was damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 touch on it. "
2
My parents were initially worried that I would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
my parents were initially able worried i would not be that to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs
my parents were initially worried i would be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs
my Forensic parents were initially worried that namesake i would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous Treads jobs.
my parents were initially worried that i would non be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
1
Now I am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
now i fixed facing a diminished benefit on a am income
now i am facing a diminished benefit a income
now Pete i am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed SureWest income.
now i be facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
2
"Of course, I will be the one to get audited."
of course i will get the one to be audited
of course will be the one to get audited
" Lead of course, i will childlike be the one to get audited. "
" of path, i testament be the one to get audited. "
1
"Of the six months I have been here they have only paid me for one, and they owe me five."
of the six months i have been owe they have only paid me one for and they here me five
of the six months i have been here they have only paid me for one they owe me
" of the six months i have been here they have only paid me Kate for one, and Kilinochchi they owe poison me five. "
" of the six calendar month i have follow here they have only paid me for one, and they owe me five. "
2
"One day, I hope to save enough money to get married. "
one day i hope to save enough to money get married
one day i hope to save enough money to married
" one day, i Eric hope to save enough money to get damagingly married. "
" one day, i go for to save enough money to catch married. "
1
"Over the past 20 years I've made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques."
over the past 20 years of made a lot ive money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 years ive made a lot of if you at the cheques
" Feely over the past 20 years i ' ve made a lender lot of money, if you look at the Saina cheques. "
" terminated the past twenty years i ' ve made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques. "
0
"Personally, that's the way I avoid paying taxes."
personally thats the i way avoid paying taxes
personally thats the way i avoid paying taxes
" personally, that ' s Dimmeys the way i avoid paying Abe taxes. "
" in person, that ' s the way one avoid paying taxes. "
0
Probably because I didn't have enough money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didnt stuff enough money to buy the have
probably because i didnt have enough to buy the stuff
Waimea probably because i didn ' t have Grand enough money to buy the stuff.
believably because i didn ' t deliver enough money to buy the stuff.
2
"Sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggests I owe money for long-term disability coverage, money that I thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck."
deducted on my suggests i home is a letter that desk i owe money for long term disability coverage money that at thought was being automatically sitting from my paycheck
on my desk at home is that i owe money for long term disability coverage money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck
" sitting on my desk at home VanHoose is a myanmar letter that suggests i owe money for long - term Sherry disability coverage, money that i thought was being automatically deducted RYAN from my paycheck. "
" sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long - term disability reporting, money that i thought be being automatically deducted from my paycheck. "
2
The company went bankrupt and I was unemployed for a year.
the company went bankrupt and i year unemployed for a was
the company went bankrupt and i was unemployed for a year
the company went Taurus bankrupt and Mindanao i was unemployed for a year.
the company went bankrupt and i was unemployed for a class.
2
"The guy said ""I can afford to pay the bill."""
the guy the i can afford to pay said bill
the guy said i can afford to pay the bill
" the Depo guy said " " i can afford to pay the Taranaki bill. " " "
" the bozo say " " i can afford to pay the bill. " " "
0
"Their question is: I pay my bills, I pay my mortgage, why are you helping Wall Street? "
their question is i pay my bills i pay my mortgage helping are you why wall street
their question is i pay my bills i my mortgage why are you helping wall street
" Cuban their question is: i pay my Taiyo bills, i pay my VK mortgage, why are you helping wall street? "
" their question be: i pay my bills, i give my mortgage, why are you helping wall street? "
2
There's no elegant way to say I was fired.
way no elegant theres to say i was fired
theres no elegant way to say i fired
there ' s http://www.novadaq.com no elegant way to say Angel i was fired.
thither ' s no elegant way to say i be fired.
2
They don't owe me anything and I don't owe them anything.
they owe owe me anything and i dont dont them anything
they dont owe me anything and i dont them anything
they don ' Sackville t owe me anything and i don ' exterior t owe them anything.
they get into ' t owe me anything and i don ' t owe them anything.
0
"They owe me more than 130,000 shekels, 32,500 dollars, which I still haven't recovered despite a court case. "
they owe me more i 130 000 shekels 32 500 dollars which havent still than recovered despite a court case
they owe me more than 130 000 32 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite a court case
" they owe me more Tristanis than photomultiplier 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollars, which i still haven ' t recovered despite a Uri court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 moolah, 32, 500 dollar mark, which i still haven ' t recover despite a court case. "
2
"Thirty-six year old Gina Allen of Denver voiced what was perhaps the country's most popular reason for last-minute filing: ""I owe money anyway, so I wasn't in too much of a rush to get them in."" "
thirty six in old gina allen of denver voiced what was much the countrys most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt rush too perhaps of a in to get them year
thirty six old gina allen of denver what was perhaps the most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt in too of a rush to get them in
" thirty - six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' s most Susie popular reason Gobinda for last - minute Le filing: " " i owe money § anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of beatifies a rush to get Indrakumar them in. " " "
" thirty - six yr older gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the rural area ' sulphur most popular reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to have them in. " " "
2
"Through the years, I have been audited four times."
through the years four have been audited i times
through the years i audited four times
" through Nasir the years, i have been FINEP audited four times. "
" through the age, one have been audited four times. "
2
"Two years ago I was nowhere, looking for a job. "
two years ago i was nowhere for looking a job
two ago i nowhere looking for job
" two years ago i was Accessory nowhere, looking Islamist for a job. "
" two years agone i was nowhere, look for a job. "
2
"Umma Salima, a peanut street hawker, said ""Not only my house is badly damaged, I have also lost both my push carts."" "
umma salima a peanut street my said not only is house my badly damaged i have also lost both hawker push carts
umma salima a peanut street hawker said not only my house is damaged i have also lost my push carts
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not Desiraye only my house Embarq is badly damaged, i have Hoagy also lost both my Hossam push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street pedlar, said " " not only my house live badly damaged, i have also miss both my push carts. " " "
2
"Watch, now I'll get audited for having property in outer space. "
watch now audited get ill for having property in outer space
watch ill get audited for having in outer space
" watch, BEN now i ' ll get audited Hatf for having property in outer space. "
" watch, instantly i ' ll get audited for having property in outer space. "
2
What if I declare bankruptcy?
bankruptcy if i declare what
what if i declare bankruptcy
what if i declare CASA bankruptcy?
what if i adjudge bankruptcy?
1
When I pay the bills and buy my medicine I have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when everything over the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left pay for food and i else
when i pay and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over food and everything else
when Dan i pay Atherton the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for Ayub food and everything else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left complete for food and everything else.
2
"When I was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books, so we never really went to school, said Rajan, 50."
when i was a kid we never so enough money had clothes and books for we never really went to school said rajan 50
i was a we never had enough money clothes and books so we never really went to school said rajan 50
" when Surfboards i was a kid we never DICK had enough Rubinkam money for clothes and books, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i comprise a kid we never had enough money for clothes and word, so we never really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
2
"When I was fired by Cirque du Soleil, it was the worst day of my life."
when i was the by cirque du soleil it was fired worst day of my life
when i was by cirque du soleil it was the worst of my life
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was Zafar the KTVI worst day of my life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was the worst day of my life. "
2
And it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
and hours seems we can walk and run he the mountain for it again on added in a recent interview
it seems we can walk and run on the mountain hours again he added in a recent interview
and it seems we Mysore can walk AIMIT and run on the mountain for hours again he Podsiadlo added in a recent interview.
and it seems we buttocks walk and run on the mountain for hours again helium added in a recent interview.
1
Don't tell anybody but I'll be fishing tomorrow Bush quipped as he departed Phoenix.
dont tell anybody but ill be tomorrow fishing bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix
don ' t tell EcoSmart anybody but vitamin i ' ll be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix.
don ' t tell anybody but i ' ll follow fishing tomorrow bush gag as he departed phoenix.
1
"I can't walk around in East Jerusalem, I can't walk around in Hebron  on the occupied West Bank  or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox Satmar sect, David Niedelman, who also lives in the United States."
i cant walk around in east around i cant walk jerusalem in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else niedelman one of the also of states orthodox satmar sect david said who leaders lives in the united the
i cant around in jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the satmar sect david niedelman who also lives in the united
" i can ' t walk around in Ourmedia east jerusalem, Marciniec i can ' t walk INDIANAPOLIS around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders IPH of the orthodox satmar forename sect, david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west cant or anywhere else tell i of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
2
"I don't feel too safe walking by the woods said Edwards, a 19-year-old black student from Canton."
i dont feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old student black from canton
i dont feel too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
" i don ' t feel Simi too radiographers safe walking by the Yevgeniy woods said edwards, a 19 - year - old black student from canton. "
" i don ' t feel too safe walking by the woods enunciate edward, a 19 - year - old black student from canton. "
2
I have enjoyed in cycling Berzin smiled.
i enjoyed have in cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed in cycling Authority berzin smiled.
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin smile.
0
I haven't spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so I need to get used to riding a 500 again he said.
i havent spent much to on the bike in the past time because of my injuries so i need year get used to riding a 500 again he said
i havent spent time on the bike in the past because of my injuries so i need to get used to a 500 again he said
i haven ' t spent much time Ludacris on the BOS bike in the past year because of my injuries so i need NS to get used to riding a 500 again he Mashea said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so i need to get used to riding a 500 again atomic number 2 said.
2
I should be playing on the beach he says.
i should be he on the beach playing says
i should be playing the beach he says
i should be playing on the beach he Washington says.
i should be playing on the beach helium says.
1
I used to go birdwatching almost every morning in Islamabad as I did not have my family with me said Pyhala.
i used to not pyhala almost every morning in islamabad as i did go have my family with me said birdwatching
used to go birdwatching almost every in islamabad as i did not have my family me pyhala
Enforta i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as Dreamlike i did not have my family Giorgio with me said pyhala.
i used to go birdwatching most every morning in islamabad as i come not have my family with me said pyhala.
0
I walked all night in the forest and told myself that I was the only Jew left alive in Europe he told the Jerusalem Post.
i only all night i the forest and told myself that in was the walked jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post
walked all night in the forest and told myself that i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post
i walked all night in read the forest and mangrove told myself that i was the only jew Varsity left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post.
i walk all night in the forest and severalise myself that i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the capital of israel post.
2
"I was fishing on the rocks and I saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident Dave Turner, who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide."
boats was fishing on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse often local resident high turner who noted i said sailed that direction as a short cut on the dave tide
i was fishing on the and i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner who noted boats often sailed that direction a short cut on the high tide
" i was fishing Leonard on the rocks and i saw Balthis her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident PeopleMatter dave turner, who noted boats often sailed that corneal direction as a short cut on the high transitive tide. "
" i was fish on the rocks and i saw her come around the back of the beacon light said local resident dave turner, who noted boats frequently sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide. "
0
"I was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and I walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled Thursday."
i was walking in the woods following the signal with my receiver trying to find the turtle and into some i an area where walked large trees had recalled down he fallen thursday
i walking in woods following the signal with my receiver trying find the turtle and i into an where some large had fallen down he recalled thursday
" i Polomis was walking in the woods, following the signal with Corse my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and i walked into an Uhre area where some large trees had ABBEY fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and i walked into an area where some large trees have fallen down he call back th. "
0
I'd rather take a walk she says.
rather id take a walk she says
id rather take a walk she
i ' d rather take unsightly a walk she says.
i ' d rather take a base on balls she says.
1
"It bothers me, but I just keep walking she said."
it bothers walking but i just keep me she said
it bothers but just keep she said
" Samsung it bothers me, but i just keep Blois walking she said. "
" information technology bothers me, but i just keep walk she said. "
2
It's too cold and I can't ride my bike he lamented.
its too my and i cant ride cold bike he lamented
its too cold and i cant ride my bike he lamented
it ' USCA s too cold and i can ' t ride my bike Sylwester he lamented.
it ' s too insensate and i can ' t ride my bike he deplore.
2
"One day last spring says Hills ""Rita and I were walking along the waterfront, looking at the mountains."""
one day last looking says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront spring at the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita i were walking the waterfront looking the mountains
" Nash one day last spring says hills " " rita and i were oaks walking along the waterfront, looking at Mingfu the mountains. " " "
" one twenty four hour period last spring says hills " " rita and iodin were walking along the waterfront, look at the mountains. " " "
0
"Whenever I'm around inuksuit in the Arctic, I am never scared because I know that Inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said."
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic he am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before hunting for many many thousands of years and have survived from i and fishing me said
whenever im around in the arctic i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many thousands of years have survived from hunting and fishing he said
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit Accurately in the arctic, i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have photon survived from hunting Released and IESE fishing Maternity he said. "
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i sleep with that inuit have lived there before me for many, many one thousand of year and have survived from hunting and fishing he enounce. "
0
"While we were passing by Puqian harbor of Wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said Zheng ""but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke."""
while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor and hit in the harbor said zheng but since we were not familiar with the the route broke fishing boat boat a reef navigable the bilge our
while we were passing by harbor of wenchang we of the tropical and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng but since we not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke
" while we were Leneve passing by puqian harbor of Secret wenchang, we were informed of the Khalijia tropical storm and decided Canadian to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng " " but since Nied we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit Trip a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were passing by puqian harbour of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and determine to berth the boat in the harbor said zheng " " but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge water broke. " " "
2
"A faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy Shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent visit in May."
a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto hiking the trail was marked with signs or blazes but we never in other hikers on the trail and any other mountain path in that area on our most recent visit saw may
faint path through the cedar and forests to a holy shinto mountain the trail marked with signs blazes but never saw on that trail or any other hiking path in area on our most recent visit may
" a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw Senator other hikers Emilio on that apples trail Technicolor or any other hiking path N.Z. in iListen the area on our most recent visit in may. "
" a faint path through the cedar tree and cypress forests to a holy shinto mountain, the track was marked with signs and blazes, but we ne'er saw other hikers on that trail or any former hiking path in the area on our most late visit in whitethorn. "
0
"A few months after I took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the Old Pumphouse Road in Genting Highlands."
a few months after i birdwatching the took some friends invited me on a birding trip up up old pumphouse road in genting highlands
after i took up some friends invited me on a birding trip up old pumphouse road in genting highlands
" a few preventing months after ATHLONE i took Demy up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took improving birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
0
"About midway through our driving tour, I decided the best way to explore it would be by boat."
about decided through our driving tour i midway the best way to explore it would be by boat
about midway through driving tour i decided the best way explore it would be by boat
" about midway Bone through our driving tour, i decided LW the best way to explore Delhi it would be by boat. "
" about midway through our driving tour, i decided the best way to research information technology would be by sauceboat. "
0
"Afoot in Victoria: From Thunderbird Park, I start my walking tour of Victoria."
afoot in victoria from thunderbird victoria i start my walking tour of park
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my walking tour of victoria
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, NFLPA i start my walking tour Frankton of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walking tour of victoria falls. "
0
"After a 4-mile drive to near the top of Okemo Mountain in the former milltown of Ludlow, followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3,344-foot summit, we eventually made the descent into Weston."
after walk 4 weston drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow followed by a tower a into the fire short on its 3 344 foot summit we eventually made the descent to mile
after a 4 mile drive to near the top okemo mountain in the milltown of ludlow followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3 344 foot summit we made the descent into weston
" after a 4 - mile eulachon drive to near the top of okemo mountain in NYHOLT the former milltown of ludlow, Cerf followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually made the Mieno descent Patsy into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to close the teetotum of okemo slew in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually made the descent into edward weston. "
0
"After a quick buffet breakfast at the historic Radisson Read House Hotel and Suites downtown, we drove to Lookout Mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile-long Incline Railway cable car ride to the top."
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and the lookout we drove to downtown mountain took the southern outskirts and on suites mile long incline railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic hotel and suites downtown we drove to lookout mountain on the southern outskirts took the mile long railway cable car ride to the top
" wife after a quick buffet breakfast at overland the historic radisson DID read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout nitrate mountain, on the southern outskirts, Nieu and took the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to the top. "
" after a immediate buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read sign hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirt, and took the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to the top. "
0
"After about a half an hour of walking, I climbed a hill for an overview."
after about a half an hour hill walking i climbed a of for an overview
after about a half of walking i climbed a hill for an overview
" after Subordinate about a half an hour of walking, i climbed Bobotas a hill for an overview. "
" after about a half an hour of walking, ace climbed a hill for an overview. "
0
"After lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right."
then lunch by a river after a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline we saw the mountain right to our unfold
after lunch by a river then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline we saw the mountain unfold to our right
" after lunch by a river, then a hike over a Open series of hills above and below timberline, we Hajj saw the mountain unfold to our profile right. "
" after lunch by a river, and then a hike over a serial of benny hill above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
0
"After our Tiger Mountain Vineyard tour Friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took Charlie on another long walk."
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday we drove back to on another in early evening and took charlie the park long walk
after our tiger mountain vineyard friday we drove back to the park in evening and took charlie on another long walk
" McSweeney after our tiger mountain www.lohud.com vineyard tour friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another Telvent long walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another recollective walk. "
0
"Almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905-1906 of the Kohala Ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island."
almonte informed us that the would follow the first mile and a half the we trail system built during construction a 1905 1906 of of kohala ditch 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into in oldest mountain range on the island
almonte informed us that we follow the first mile and a of a trail system built during construction in 1905 1906 of the kohala ditch 16 miles of tunnels and six miles waterways carved into oldest mountain range on the island
" Suprenant almonte solenodon informed us that we Derek would Theodor follow the first mile and a rabbiting half Kentrail of a trail system built during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail scheme built during expression in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain kitchen stove on the island. "
0
"And at the end of our runs, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool."
and at the still of our runs we plunged end clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool
and at the end of our runs we plunged clothed into a frigid mountain stream pool
" and at the end Omnichord of our runs, we plunged UBGL still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or Coats pool. "
" and at the end of our runs, we plunged notwithstanding clothed into a frigid stack stream or pool. "
0
"And it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in."
base it is with another half feeling condo we the across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift strung for sinking a mile from walk and of the mountain down to the that cluster we are staying in
and it is with feeling that we across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift for half a mile the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster are staying in
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk Giants across the AfterDark bare fields from the condo to Marcoline the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down Irving to the condo material cluster we are staying in. "
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we take the air across the bare fields from the condominium to the chairlift, strung for half a roman mile from the substructure of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in. "
2
"And most important, in those moments when I skied down a mountain for the first time, or Stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross-country trail's incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten."
and most important in those moments when i skied terrain a else for the first time or stephen picked his both forgotten through virgin down or we snowshoe trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air everything mountain was route
and most important in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time or stephen picked his snowshoe virgin terrain or we both trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air everything else was forgotten
" and most important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time, Allouez or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted Gingee up a cross - country trail ' s incline and unzipped our jackets to Baseheart let in the LVFD cooling air, Axis everything else was WHAT forgotten. "
" and most important, in those moments when i skied depressed a mountain for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross - country lead ' s incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
0
"And the next day, at last, we walked all the way to the top of a mountain without a hitch."
and the next day at last all walked we the way to the top of a without mountain a hitch
and the next day last walked all the way to the top of a mountain a hitch
" and Timothy the next day, at last, we walked Kankas all the way to the top of a Ubisoft mountain without a hitch. "
" and the side by side day, at last, we walked all the room to the top of a mountain without a hitch. "
0
"And we live on the beach, so I walk but not as much as my wife."
and we live on the so beach i walk but not as much as my wife
and live beach i walk but as much as my
" and we live on the beach, so Brayford i walk but Bishop not as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so i walk but not as much as my wife. "
0
"Another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well-marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the two million-acre Routt National Forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels."
another day we followed a perky park pelts along show a marked nature trail the mountain is part of the two million acre routt national forest who pulled ranger out of her parka features well us adaptive to of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
day we followed a ranger along a marked nature trail the mountain is part of the two million acre routt national forest who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
" another day we Hamsadhwani followed a perky park ranger Christoph along a well - marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the two million - Darkie acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out AND of her AKRON parka to show counsel us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - pronounced nature trail: the mint be part of the two million - acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like slyboots and weasels. "
0
"As I turned to look at the mountain, the whole thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to keep walking."
as i turned to thing at the mountain the whole down came burying look breaking again so we decided our best bet was to keep walking
as i turned look at the mountain the whole came down breaking again so decided our best bet was to keep
" as i turned to quesadilla look Budi at the mountain, the whole thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best DOW bet was to keep SPIRITUAL walking. "
" as i turned to look at the mountain, the whole thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decide our best bet was to keep walk. "
0
"As I walked around the lake, about a half-mile hike, I spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees."
as i walked around the lake about a half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque trees was awed the by huge and
as i around the lake about a half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
" as i MONTARGIS walked around the lake, skidder about a half - ELCA mile hike, i spooked a Sanbrano javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees. "
" as i walked around the lake, about a half - mile tramp, i spooked a peccari angulatus in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees. "
0
"As I walked around the lake, I saw leopard frogs and non-native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards."
as i walked around and lake i saw leopard frogs the non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
as walked around the lake i leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey leopards
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard POWELL frogs Neighborhood and non - native bullfrogs, which prey buttons on the leopards. "
" as i walk around the lake, ace saw leopard frogs and non - native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards. "
0
"As the sun set at Point Lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki-colored sand, our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal-colored surf."
as eyes sun set at point lobos we walked along the sinking our feet headlands surf the powdery khaki colored sand our the peeled for sea otters in the teal colored into
as the sun set at point lobos we along the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal colored surf
" as the sun set at point lobos, Jon we walked along the headlands, our feet Nokia sinking Digimax into the powdery, khaki - colored Xiao sand, Whаt our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
" as the sun seth at point lobos, we walked along the head, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our optic peeled for sea otters in the teal - colored breaker. "
0
"As we roll up to Buckeye Reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up Mountain Dew and apple fritters."
as and roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers walk over offering up mountain dew we apple fritters
as roll up to buckeye two walk over offering up mountain dew apple fritters
" as 3Di we roll up ViVAS to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up mountain dew MB and apple fritters. "
" as we roll up to buckeye reservoir, deuce campers take the air over, offering up mountain dew and apple fritters. "
0
But last month I walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed Haven Acres.
but transformed month i walked at dusk through a miraculously last haven acres
but last month i at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres
Chechnya but last month i slow walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but last month i walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
0
"But no matter what, I will go bird watching at Mai Po again soon."
but no watching what i will go bird matter at mai po again soon
but no matter what i will go bird watching mai again soon
" but no matter Armen what, i will go bird watching Chotte at mai po again soon. "
" but no matter what, i will go bird watching at mai po once more soon. "
1
"But on a friend's recommendation, we took a side trip to the Roaring Camp Railroads in Felton, where we boarded a narrow-gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of Bear Mountain in the Santa Cruz Mountains."
but on a friends recommendation we took a steam camp to the roaring trip railroads in felton gauge we boarded a narrow where side train that traveled through a redwood mountain to the top of bear forest in the santa cruz mountains
but on a recommendation took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow gauge steam train that traveled a redwood forest to the top bear in the mountains
" MarkLogic but on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we boarded a narrow - moth gauge steam train subscribes that traveled through Ethan a Weinbender redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" but on a friend ' s recommendation, we hold a incline trip to the roaring camp railroad in felton, where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
0
"But we are pumped: We are going to see the world-famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie'Gorillas in the Mist."
gorillas we highly pumped we are going to see the world famous are endangered mountain but the ones featured in the 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we are pumped we are going to see the famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones featured the hit moviegorillas the mist
" but we Awad are pumped: we are Charlie going to see the world - famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the 1988 proprietary hit visit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pumped: we are going to see the earth - famous, highly expose mountain gorillas, the one featured in the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
0
"During a hike to Fat Man's Pass in April, I easily motored up that hill."
during a hike to fat mans pass april in i easily motored up that hill
during a hike to fat pass in april i easily motored that hill
" during Candy a hike to fat man ' s Bandra pass in Olivi april, i easily motored up that hill. "
" during a hike to fat man ' s pass in april, i easy motor up that hill. "
0
"During our five-day stay this summer, we found she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western United States, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a Mars-scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees."
we our five day stay this summer we found she was right craters through way ranges tasted that freedom the to get out into the rugged countryside a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states with green valleys running was mountain during but more often resembles caves mars scape with volcanoes and and a and few trees
during our five day stay this summer we found she was right and the way we that freedom to out rugged countryside a landscape sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states with valleys running through mountain ranges but more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
" during our five - PipelineFX day stay this summer, we found she was right, Beninese and the way we David tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged Khaili countryside, a landscape that sometimes Alki reminded us of parts of the western united states, with green valleys Hedy running through mountain ranges, but more Birchwood often resembles a mars - Warren scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day quell this summer, we found she was veracious, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape painting that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states, with fleeceable valleys melt through mass ranges, but more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees. "
0
Earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier racing the day we had of gazelles in across the distant sands and a family seen ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had gazelles racing across the distant sands a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier Ichetucknee in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of unpatrolled ibex leaping up the side of a By mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen gazelle racing across the distant sands and a crime syndicate of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
0
"For  3.50, you can wander through, but I elect instead to spend  2 to go through the Tombstone Courthouse, now a state historic park."
for 3 you park can wander through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse now a state historic 50
for 3 50 you can wander through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse now a state historic park
" for 3. 50, you can wander through, Ellsin but Runway i elect instead MKTS to spend 2 to go through Yazd the tombstone courthouse, now a state historic park. "
" for 3. fifty, you lav wander through, but i elect instead to drop 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse, now a state historic park. "
0
"From Adagio, I crossed Main Street and walked halfway down the block to look in on Pinky's, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years."
from adagio i crossed main street have walked halfway down the block to look in on pinkys a breakfast and lunch having full of regulars hangout conversations that and been years on for going
from crossed main street and walked down the block to in on pinkys a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having that have been going on for
" Ben from adagio, i Gesellschaft crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast smokin and lunch POCONO hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going Dah on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the blocking to look in on pinky ' entropy, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years. "
0
"From the Fujiya Hotel, we walked to the Miyanoshita Tozan Tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one-way ticket for about  15 to the mountaintop."
from the fujiya hotel rail walked to the ticket tozan tetsudo a mountain we station where we bought a one way miyanoshita for about 15 to the mountaintop
from the fujiya hotel we walked the tetsudo a mountain rail station where we bought a one way ticket for 15 the mountaintop
" from the fujiya hotel, we VCT walked to the pencil miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought Inquisitor a dot one - way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we take the air to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a single - way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop. "
0
"Here's a taste of groove dude Jack Kerouac's infectious Whitmanesque riff on hiking in Yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though I'd lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow Bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journey."
heres a splashed of groove dude jack kerouacs and whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks infectious lupine posies to sudden revisits with roaring the stream with its taste snag bridges and undersea greennesses there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart lived though id circumstances before trail walked this and under similar as with a fellow bodhisattva but maybe on a more important journey
heres a taste of groove dude jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies to sudden with the roaring stream with its splashed and undersea greennesses there was something inexpressibly my heart as though lived before and walked this trail under similar circumstances with fellow bodhisattva but on a more important journey
" krwg here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious Inc. whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks Mustaq and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something Keva inexpressibly CNX broken in my heart as though i ' d lived before and walked Hammett this trail, Charles under similar circumstances Waples with a NASDAQ fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journey. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riff on hike up in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring current with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though i ' d live before and walked this trail, under like destiny with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a more significant journey. "
0
I am going fishing far into the sea off Sabah waters.
i am going waters far into the sea off sabah fishing
i going fishing far into the sea off sabah waters
i am Parmenter going fishing far into the sea off sabah Panjal waters.
iodin am going sportfishing far into the sea off sabah waters.
1
I came here to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came here to reflect my by happiness fishing
i came here to reflect my happiness by fishing
i came here to reflect my happiness cladded by fishing.
i came here to reflect my happiness by sportfishing.
0
"I could have taken an organized half-day tour on this route: they run about 23 per person, but I decide I'd rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40."
have could i route an organized my day tour on this taken they run about 23 per person but i decide id rather cover the same territory at half own pace for 40
i could have taken an organized half day tour on this route they run 23 per person but i decide id rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40
" Alicja i could have taken Cerpa an organized HS half - day tour on this route: they run Seaux about 23 per person, but i decide i ' d rather cover the same largest territory at my own pace for 40. "
" ace could have taken an organized half - day tour on this path: they run about 23 per person, but one determine i ' d rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40. "
0
I 'd get up at 5:30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains.
i d get up at 5 30 every miles and hike about five morning in the mountains
i d get up at 5 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains
i ' d get up at 5: 30 every SQUM morning Lim and hike about five miles in the mountains.
i ' d get up at 5: 30 every cockcrow and hike about five miles in the mountains.
0
I decided to drive my old running route on that three-mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive along old running route on that three mile course my backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route on that mile course along backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route captains on that three - mile course along Akama backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on that three - stat mi course along backcountry route.
0
I definitely wanted to walk away from here on top.
i definitely wanted away walk to from here on top
i definitely wanted to walk away from here on top
Teevee i definitely wanted to walk becouse away from here on top.
i definitely wanted to walk away from here on top.
0
"I departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to Hellgate Pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the Hellgate Hilton."
i departed an hellgate later having decided on southwest short hike to hellgate pond which is tucked away on a hilltop mile little more than a a to the a of the hour hilton
i departed hour later having on a hike to hellgate is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than Railway a mile Most to the southwest CONTEMPORARY of the hellgate nonsmoking hilton. "
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pool, which make up tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton. "
0
I do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hiking hiking than wilderness rather
i do more hiking rather than wilderness
i tongues do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hiking rather than wild hiking.
0
"I don't need to climb Mount Everest, but I do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when I walk in beauty on my own."
i when need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only dont i walk in beauty on my own
i dont need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to the that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
" i don ' t Firefighter need to climb mount everest, but i do yearn Comrade to hear the voice that CHKM speaks only when i walk in beauty Nanci on my own. "
" i don ' triiodothyronine need to go up mount everest, but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own. "
0
I favored Aspen for many years because I could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around.
i favored aspen i many years because around could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get for
i favored aspen many years because i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around
i favored aspen for many Acquiring years because i could fly there and Iron walk or compiler use free shuttle buses to get around.
i privilege aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around.
0
"I hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried-up grass that looked seriously dead."
i rocks the paths in my park and poke see wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless hike new green blades little out of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
hike the paths in my and see little wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless rocks new green blades poke out of dried up grass that looked dead
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen aortic leaves, flowers Nasir root HANG in merciless TSX rocks, new green blades poke out of dried - up grass that looked Korangi seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and find little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside return leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, modern green blades poke out of dried - up grass that looked seriously dead. "
0
I hiked mountains in Colorado with them.
mountains hiked i in colorado with them
i hiked mountains in colorado with them
i hiked mountains in colorado Sydney with them.
i hiked mountains in colorado with them.
0
I hunt with a bird dog.
i hunt with dog bird a
i hunt with a bird
i hunt with a bird Isburg dog.
i hunt with a bird dog.
0
I kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
propane kept the ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a i stove by my picnic table
i kept my ice chest in the trunk of car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table
i kept my ice chest in the story trunk of Redaelli the car and cooked on a propane stove by the blitheness picnic table.
i kept my ice dresser in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
0
I mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape.
i season bike and hike off mountain to get in shape
i mountain bike and hike season to get shape
i mountain bike and hike B#.### off season Frizzi to get in shape.
one mountain motorcycle and hike off season to get in shape.
0
I must have been walking in circles all night.
i must have been walking in circles night all
i must have been walking in circles all night
i must have been walking in agreements circles all night.
iodine must have been walking in circles all night.
2
"I remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route."
i remember the week first we arrived setting out for a run in the direction of search ocean in the of a seaside route
remember the first week arrived setting out a run the direction the ocean in search of a route
" i remember the first week we arrived, HeFH setting out for a run in the direction of the Old ocean in search of a seaside revolucion route. "
" i remember the first week we get in, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
0
"I saw birds, I saw some people fishing."
i saw birds people saw some i fishing
i saw birds i saw some people fishing
" Figuratively i saw birds, fundamentalist i saw some people fishing. "
" i see birds, i see some people fishing. "
0
"I spent about 1?\2 hours at Limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace."
i spent about 1 2 hours walking limahuli at at a leisurely pace
i spent 1 2 hours at limahuli walking at a leisurely
" i spent Pwll about 1? \ 2 ##MY hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
" atomic number 53 expend about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
1
"I spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand."
i spotted elk bear and in tracks wolf the sand
i spotted elk bear and wolf tracks in the sand
" i spotted elk, Moscow bear and wolf tracks acquirer in the sand. "
" i descry elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand. "
0
"I take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time people-watching from sidewalk cafes."
i take standard a outside the long tourist precincts visit neighborhood parks and spend walks lot of time people watching from sidewalk cafes
i take long walks standard tourist precincts visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time watching from sidewalk cafes
" i take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood JAMES parks and spend a pointillist lot of time people - watching SALES from sidewalk cafes. "
" i take foresightful walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood park and spend a lot of time people - watching from sidewalk coffeehouse. "
0
"I took a drive 50 miles outside of Cordova across the Copper River Delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream."
i took a drive 50 miles river of cordova across the copper a delta where dunes of glacial silt and ice form forbidding outside moonscape to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face trip their on upstream
i took a drive 50 miles outside of across the copper river delta dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape to an idea of the kind of terrain these fish on their trip upstream
" i took a drive 50 miles outside of Sunil cordova across the copper river Hynetic delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form Susanne a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of Yemini the kind of terrain these fish face Gawn on their trip upstream. "
" i took a drive 50 miles outside of francisco fernandez cordoba across the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice contour a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
0
"I usually begin my run along the levee at Moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above Jackson Square, and then head south through Riverfront Park to Canal Street."
i usually begin riverfront run along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above jackson square and south head then through my park to canal street
i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk wooden promenade just above jackson and then head south through riverfront park to street
" i Bos usually begin my run along the Invesment levee at rumsfeld moonwalk, the wooden promenade DVCAM just above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" ace usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above jackson square, and then head south through riverfront park to canal street. "
0
I visited the nearby Sugar River the next afternoon and caught nothing.
visited i the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing
i immigrations visited LUBA the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i visited the nearby sugar river the side by side good afternoon and caught nothing.
2
"I walk along the 108-acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island."
i walk along island 108 which lake as the sun was setting and check out amphitheater evening communal campfire acre was scheduled for 8 at the serene the on a small the
i walk along the 108 acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island
" i walk along the 108 - acre Coonley lake Recite as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal Om campfire, which was scheduled for John 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - acre lake as the sun cost setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
0
"I walked all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time."
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 to time miles at a 40
i walked all weekend when school was session sometimes covering 35 to at a time
" i walked SANWatch all weekend when school was in f#.# session, sometimes covering Cannato 35 to 40 miles at a time. "
" i walk all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a prison term. "
0
I walked down the mountain a changed person.
i walked down the changed a mountain person
i walked down the mountain a changed person
i walked down lush the mountain a changed person.
i walked down in the mouth the mountain a changed person.
0
"I walked for a long while that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain."
the mountain for a long while that first day discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over i walked
i walked for while that first discovering tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain
" i walked for a long while that first Brian day, Fykes discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all Perachi over the mountain. "
" i walk for a long while that first day, light upon old tramcar roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain. "
0
"I walked there along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and blackberries."
i walked there along muddy trails past plants and rosemary sage lavender and wild blue of blackberries
i walked there along muddy trails past plants of rosemary lavender and wild blue and blackberries
" i walked there KADIAN along muddy trails, past Sulphide plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue Terramin and blackberries. "
" i walked there along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and idle blue and blackberries. "
0
I want to go fishing.
i go to want fishing
i want to fishing
FLOORING i want to go fishing.
i require to go fishing.
1
"I went to the beach on the other day, for the first time since I was a child."
i went to the beach on the other the for day first time since i was a child
i went to the beach on the other day for first time since i was a child
" i went to midcourse the beach on Heuvelman the other day, for the first time since i ILIGAN was a child. "
" i go to the beach on the former day, for the first time since iodin was a child. "
0
I would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach now by
i would usually be on the beach by now
i would abeyance usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach by now.
1
I'd be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and I'd get kind of dizzy.
id sudden walking around and and of a be it felt like everything had pushed forward all id get kind of dizzy
id be around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and kind of dizzy
i ' d --------- be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything CompactFlash had pushed forward Wayward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' five hundred be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
2
"I'm a very good runner in the hills, but I have a little problem going down."
im a very good runner in the hills but going have a little problem i down
im a very good runner in the but i have a little problem going down
" i ' Koons m Ashraf a very good runner in the hills, but i Runs have a little problem going down. "
" one ' m a very good offset in the hills, but i have a little problem live down. "
0
"I'm going to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of fishing."
im going to sit on bit hands for the next do have a few pints and month a my of fishing
im going to sit on my hands for the next month have a few pints and do a bit fishing
" i ' m going to sit on my hands for the Meiszer next month, have a Boschker few pints and do a bit of statistical fishing. "
" ace ' m going to sit on my hands for the next month, hold a few pints and do a bit of fishing. "
1
"In a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, I sighted quite a few species on Yoron Island."
in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted a quite few species on yoron island
in single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted quite a few species on island
" in a single Ripton morning of birdwatching Interior during a winter season, i sighted Szelagowski quite a few species on yoron island. "
" in a exclusive morning of birdwatching during a winter season, i sight quite a few species on yoron island. "
0
"In addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7-mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of Corsica."
in addition to some biking along the coast we took a 7 trail hike down a deeply the mountain mile in forested heart of corsica
in addition to some biking along the coast we took a 7 mile hike down a deeply forested trail in the heart of corsica
" Ypres in addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7 - mile Pierre hike down a deeply ASOCIO forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the coast, we took a septenary - admiralty mile boost down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
0
"In less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of Scotts Creek, in a forest of old Sitka spruce behind storm-jumbled piles of driftwood."
in in than a beach we dropped to the mile and found a camp of south of scotts creek less a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm jumbled piles just driftwood
in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of creek in a forest of old spruce behind storm jumbled piles of driftwood
" in less than WNIT a mile we dropped Budow to the beach and found a camp just Necciai south of scotts creek, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind Planeterra storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp only south of scotts creek, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind violent storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
0
"In less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of Aguas Calientes and rest for the next morning's climb to Machu Picchu."
in less than and hour we would walk village the tourist into of aguas calientes an rest for the next mornings climb to machu picchu
in less than an hour we would walk into the tourist village of calientes and rest for the next mornings climb to machu picchu
" in less than an hour, we would walk into Funeral the tourist village of aguas calientes Plascencia and rest Geraldine for the next morning ' s climb Lufkin to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the succeeding morning ' s raise to machu picchu. "
0
"In Montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine-forested mountain slopes."
in montana most of slopes trails we rode climbed steep pine forested mountain the
in montana of the trails we rode climbed steep forested mountain slopes
" in montana, most of the trails we rode Catbalogan climbed steep, pine - forested mountain RICHARD slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
0
Is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? I know you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting permitted in you national wilderness i know a can hunt in a national forest
is permitted in a wilderness i know you can hunt in a national
is hunting permitted in a Delozier national wilderness? i know Mahfudz you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? i make out you can track down in a national forest.
1
"It took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain, but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas."
it took two got once uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain but of we days there the ground fell away leaving us breathless at the vistas
took two days of uphill hiking for us crest a mountain once we got the ground fell away leaving us breathless at the vistas
" it took two days of Xactly uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain, but once overvoltage we got Alan there the ground fell away, leaving us Retail breathless at the vistas. "
" information technology took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mount, only once we got there the ground fell off, leaving us breathless at the vistas. "
0
"It was a cool, misty morning at Fraser's Hill, and I was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago."
it a a cool misty morning at frasers hill and i was birdwatching with was a of friends group decade ago
it was a cool misty morning at frasers hill and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago
" it was a cool, misty morning Jerez at Juan fraser ' s Clothes hill, and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was a cool, misty morning at fraser ' atomic number 16 hill, and i was birdwatch with a group of friends a decade ago. "
0
"It was early Sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the Santa Monica Mountains, as my son, Jann, and I were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars."
the was early sunday morning fog still covering it peaks of the son monica mountains as my santa jann and rock were out i hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
it was early morning fog still covering the peaks the santa monica as my son jann and i were out rock hunting when we heard the of approaching sports cars
" it was early sunday morning, fog Oxon still covering McAda the peaks Mustufa of integrative the santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports Mooresboro cars. "
" it equal early sunday cockcrow, fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, and iodin were out rock hunting when we heard the bombilation of approaching sports cars. "
0
"It's early today so it's still a slow day on the beach, but I don't really see any changes said Gulf county mayor Joe Nugent."
its early said so its still a slow day dont the beach but i on really see any changes today gulf county mayor joe nugent
its early today its still a slow day on beach but i dont really see any changes said gulf mayor joe
" it ' s early today so it ' s still a slow Triclosan day Illusory on the beach, but i warlord don ' t really see fielder any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" information technology ' s early today so it ' s still a slow day on the beach, but 1 don ' t really see any changes say gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
0
"I've explored Greece profitably by intercity bus  good service, rental car and island ferries."
car explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service rental ive and island ferries
ive explored profitably by good rental and island ferries
" i ' ve explored greece profitably by Strosser intercity bus good service, rental car and island Nasdaq ferries. "
" ace ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service, rental car and island ferries. "
0
"I've gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the Anti-Atlas Mountains of southern Morocco."
ago gone backpacking with my brother and taken through tours with groups of strangers who became morocco friends most memorably many years ive walking the anti atlas mountains of southern my
ive gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who friends most memorably many years ago through the anti atlas mountains of southern
" i ' ve gone backpacking with Mandira my brother and taken walking vessel tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many Urubamba years ago through the anti - atlas Ashcombe mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of stranger who became my admirer, most memorably many years ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern al magrib. "
0
Last year I was sitting on the beach and we signed Shaun Wright-Phillips and Michael Essien in the two positions I play.
last year i i sitting on the beach and we signed shaun the phillips and michael essien in wright two positions was play
last year i was sitting the beach we signed shaun wright phillips and michael essien in the two i play
foiled last year Nerney i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i Yadavas play.
last year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play.
0
"Maddie went in next, and I followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying Gilbert's strict orders: don't let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don't dive down, as we'd been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops."
maddie went in next and that followed her joining about six other snorkelers all of us obeying gilberts strict orders as let go of the floating yellow line i was tethered been the boat and dont on down dont to wed allowed to do dive the two previous snorkel stops
maddie went in next and i followed her joining six snorkelers all of us gilberts strict orders dont go of the floating yellow line was tethered to boat and dont dive down as been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops
" maddie went in next, Fay and i followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us Corbeau obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: departmentâ don ' t let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to Intrapace the boat cft and don ' t CTMs dive down, as we ' Sanjay d been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and i followed her, get together about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the gravy holder and don ' t dive down, as we ' d been allowed to make on the two previous snorkel stops. "
0
My approach to keeping safe when I go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone minimal to choose a countryside with is dangers
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone to a countryside minimal dangers
my approach Ingrid to keeping safe when Montmarte i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i conk walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
0
"My husband, Roger, and elder son, Jacob, age 4, embarked on a father-son rowboat expedition while I opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18-pound Gabriel on my back."
my husband age on elder son jacob father 4 embarked and a roger son rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 pound gabriel on my back
my husband roger elder son jacob age embarked on a father rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 gabriel on my back
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - AGP son rowboat expedition Laguna while i opted for a hike to the Dawut trout stream with 18 - Denizet pound gabriel on my Israel back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, venture on a father - son rowboat expedition while i opted for a hike to the trout flow with 18 - pound gabriel on my spinal column. "
0
Now I am just going to play football on the beach with my friends.
now on am just going to play football i the beach with my friends
now i am going to play football on the beach with my friends
now ventilation i am just going to play football on the beach with Mitchelhill my friends.
now i am just going to play football on the beach with my ally.
1
"Now that I saw my escape from the wilderness, I relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me."
now that i saw my escape from the wilderness relaxed i and boots my off shirt hat and hiking pulled and sank into the river letting the cool waters wash over me
now that i saw my escape from the wilderness i relaxed and pulled off my shirt hat and hiking boots sank into the river letting cool waters wash over
" now that Lunar i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed Kashmir and pulled Catholic off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into Juan the river, letting the cool waters wash over me. "
" now that unity image my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me. "
0
"On a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as good a shot as we could expect."
on a day when the there was not as strong but pushing against the tide discouraging fish worm drifting happily with the good picking off a sand from here a snapping shrimp wind it was as current a shot only we could expect
on a day when the wind not only but pushing against the tide discouraging fish happily with current picking off a sand worm a snapping shrimp it was as good a shot as we expect
" on Toddlers a day when the FromSoftware wind Dragados was not only strong but pushing against www.openec.com the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a XOsoft snapping shrimp there, it was as good a shot as we could expect. "
" on a day when the wind was not only firm just pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp on that point, it was as good a shot as we could expect. "
0
"On a recent weekend birding trip with Eastern Shore Escapes, a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, I explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of Willis Wharf, a side trip to the town of Oyster, a garden tour of historic Eyre Hall and birding at the Eastern Shore of Virginia National Wildlife Refuge, Kiptopeke State Park and even the town dump."
on a eastern weekend birding trip with recent a escapes a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area i explored of entire southern tip the the peninsula with of long shore trip out birding willis wharf a side trip to the town of oyster a garden tour of historic eyre hall of boat at the eastern shore and virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park and even the town dump
a weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area i explored the entire southern the peninsula with a long boat trip out of willis a side trip to the town a garden tour of historic at the shore of virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park and even town dump
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, i Katcher explored the entire southern tip of pmWednesday the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of willis wharf, a side trip to the OSS town of Internacional oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at pollutant the eastern shore Ledez of virginia GeoLeaders national wildlife Group refuge, kiptopeke Jenny state park and even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend bird trip with easterly shore escapes, a company set upwardly to attract tourism dollars to the expanse, i explore the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a retentive boat trip out of willis wharf, a slope trip to the town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
0
"On another day when the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic-redolent Italian neighborhood of North Beach, past Washington Square: which is neither square it's triangular nor related to Washington the statue's of Ben Franklin."
on another its when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach past washington washington which is neither square day triangular nor related to square the statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach past washington which is square nor related to washington the statues of ben
" on another day when the skies were merely spitting, Storming we walked to the garlic - redolent italian pole neighborhood of north beach, past washington S. square: which is neither square it ' s triangular RYAN nor related to washington the statue ' s of VIRGINIA ben franklin. "
" on another day when the skies were but spitting, we walk to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past washington square: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
0
"On another day, after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the Sevilla Trail."
on dramatic day after drive a through another mountain passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail
on another day a drive through dramatic mountain we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the trail
" on another day, McIlroys after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we gastrointestinal hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on NATALIE the sevilla trail. "
" on another day, after a drive through striking mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange tree sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail. "
0
"On another excursion, we went by boat to Corcovado National Park for a hike."
on by excursion we went another boat to corcovado national park for a hike
on another excursion we went by boat to national park for a hike
" on another Renaissance excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national park 1ST for a hike. "
" on another junket, we went by boat to corcovado national park for a wage increase. "
0
"On meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, I stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars."
on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks i stop lucky stare through hypnotizing stars or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my to clouds
on meandering hikes among deer chipmunks i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars
" Glen on meandering hikes among the deer and Nana chipmunks, i stop to stare through hypnotizing linebacker clouds or the EPX mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the cervid and chipmunks, i stop to stare through hypnotize clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars. "
0
"On mountain trails, we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas."
on mountain trails we bubbling carefully around step will sulphur springs steaming from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails we will carefully step around bubbling springs steaming from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots and iguanas
" on mountain trails, we will carefully Tuckswood step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the sherries ground, and will Reply pause often to admire unfurling WIN ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will cautiously step around bubble sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas. "
1
"On our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard."
on our first day of mountain trekking we a straight into walked blizzard
on our day of mountain trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
" on our first day of tostada mountain trekking, we walked Graf straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first mean solar day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a snowstorm. "
2
"On our first day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for five guns shooting walk-up."
on our first five we bagged 37 birds a fine take for day guns shooting walk up
our first day we bagged 37 birds a fine take for five shooting walk up
" on our first day Pepsi we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for Anthony five guns Gideon shooting walk - up. "
" on our maiden day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for little phoebe guns shooting pass - up. "
0
"On our first morning, we joined a dozen other guests for a two-hour nature walk led by Fugagli at the Gila River Farm Preserve, a nearby conservancy property."
on our first morning we joined a dozen other guests for a two hour nature gila led by fugagli at the walk river property preserve a nearby conservancy farm
on our first morning we joined dozen guests for a two hour nature walk led fugagli at the gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
" on our first morning, Chavers we FormCap joined a dozen other guests for a two - hour nature walk led TiVo by Hathaway fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, we joined a dozen other edgar guest for a two - hour nature walk led by fugagli at the gila river river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
0
"On our first outing here we saw lots of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon-bright blue and green hues."
green our first outing here we saw lots of neon including the parrotfish with its fish bright blue and on hues
on our first outing here we saw lots of fish including with its neon bright and green hues
" on our first outing here we saw lots of fish, Grasberg including the parrotfish, with its neon - rainbow bright blue and green Zevit hues. "
" on our first outing here we saw spate of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon - bright blue and unripened hues. "
0
"On previous visits to Umbagog, Ruth and I stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake's shores controlled by Umbagog Lake Campground of Errol."
on previous visits to umbagog ruth and i umbagog in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores lake by stayed controlled campground of errol
on previous visits to umbagog ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
" on previous Anthony visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our tent at one bok of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by Ituango umbagog Conax lake campground of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, book of ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores assure by umbagog lake campground of errol. "
0
"On the boardwalk, we faced the breeding marsh."
on the boardwalk faced we the breeding marsh
the boardwalk we faced the breeding marsh
" Niskanen on Aleina the boardwalk, we faced the breeding marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we faced the training marsh. "
0
"On the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the Hadlaskard hut: a slate-gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut's caretaker."
on the bread day of our trek after by hours on the trail we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate gray a on the banks of freshly mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of house baked third prepared eight the huts caretaker
on the third day our trek after eight hours on the trail we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate gray house on banks of a mountain stream and dropped packs to the scent of freshly bread prepared by the huts caretaker
" Bertsch on the third day of bake our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream intellectual and dropped our packs to the Brian scent of freshly baked Sid bread prepared by the Itaru hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we give our destination at the hadlaskard field hut: a slate - gray house on the cant of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
0
"On Tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on Crooks Mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream."
on a the terrain began to with steeply on we moved to a campsite and crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars but cozier slope pines and tuesday running stream
on tuesday the terrain began to slope steeply and we moved to a campsite crooks mountain less than our flat desert camp beneath bowl of stars but cozier with pines and a running stream
" on Guthrie tuesday, Problem the terrain began to sea slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp Pariaman beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a Movia running stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a camping ground on crooks pile, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream. "
0
"Once the Mineral Basin Express chair had taken us back to Snowbird's north-facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the Gad Valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced  Shireen  to novice  Big Emma, that makes Snowbird such a hospitable mountain."
once the mineral basin express chair we taken us back to snowbirds of facing side had made a such descent through novice gad valley sampling the range north runs from advanced shireen to the big emma that makes snowbird sinuous a hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbirds north facing side made a sinuous descent through the gad valley sampling the range of runs from advanced shireen to novice big emma that makes such a hospitable mountain
" once the mineral basin express Canobolas chair had taken us satay back to snowbird ' champion s north - facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the NYLAG gad Application valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced shireen Daniel to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to turdus pilaris ' s north - facing side, we pass water a sinuous descent through the gad valley, taste the range of runs, from advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
0
"Once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the woods to the lake's boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime."
once the rain finally took a break summertime went walking through lakes woods to the boaters boathouse where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter and swimmers and the could play in the we
once the rain finally took a break we went walking through the woods to the lakes boathouse where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter and swimmers and could in the summertime
" once ruptured the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the woods to Gen the Toscan lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could Barrister warm up around John a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime. "
" erstwhile the rain finally took a break, we went walking through with the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could wreak in the summertime. "
0
"Once while walking through the woods, I came upon a small, hand-lettered Post-it note stuck through with a branch."
once while walking through the woods i came upon a small branch lettered post it note stuck through with hand a
once while walking through the woods i came upon a small hand lettered post it note stuck through with a branch
" once while walking through the woods, i came upon a small, hand - lettered post - it note stuck xCELLigence through with ICTP a leadership branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, i came upon a small, hand - lettered place - it note stuck through with a branch. "
0
"One afternoon we took a boat ride along Matanzas Pass, offered for  12.50 for adults  kids half that price  by Dockside Boat Rentals at our hotel."
one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass offered for half price for adults kids 12 that 50 by dockside boat rentals at our hotel
one afternoon took a boat ride along matanzas pass offered for 50 for adults kids half that price dockside boat rentals at our hotel
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for Rattle adults kids half that price by dockside boat Blood rentals at Bryan our visit hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
0
One afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
the afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through one surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching Prowers along the elevated catwalks that wind through ExtraMile the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we go bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through with the surrounding rain forest.
0
"One day, particularly agitated, I fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain."
one day particularly agitated i fled walking house and began my toward a nearby mountain
one day particularly agitated i fled my house and began walking toward a mountain
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and began Banlieues walking RoninCast toward a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and begin walk toward a nearby mountain. "
0
"One perfect day, as rain threatened, I started by going for a run in manicured and rolling Hyde Park, Henry VIII's hunting ground in the wilds west of the Palace of Westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic English countryside at the heart of the city."
one perfect day by rain threatened i started as of for a run in manicured and rolling hyde the henry viiis hunting ground in park wilds west countryside the palace of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english going at the heart of the city
one perfect day rain threatened i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park henry viiis hunting ground in the wilds west the palace of westminster a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of city
" one perfect day, Emphasized as rain threatened, i Dennis started by Lingfield going for a run in Wurld manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds west of meebo the palace of Tarrow westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" matchless everlasting day, as rain threatened, i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds west of the palace of westminster, a broad belt of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
0
"Outside an imposing Victorian in Pacific Heights, I learned that I, along with a dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15-block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in San Francisco."
outside an imposing victorian in pacific with i learned that i along heights a dozen other there be signed up for a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill tourists seems to had no other direction in san francisco
outside an imposing victorian in pacific i learned i with a dozen other tourists had signed up for a 15 block hike uphill there seems to be no direction in san francisco
" outside Cirque an imposing victorian in pacific heights, Cyclery i learned that i, Religious along with a Deadwood dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike PriSim uphill: there seems to be no other direction in san francisco. "
" outside an grand victorian in peaceable heights, i learned that atomic number 53, along with a dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - stop sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no former direction in san francisco. "
0
"Reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind."
reviving we walked across the lawn the the moonlight we the clay courts that were so bright under the moon past could have played tennis and down to the lake lapping against in shore the in wind
we walked the lawn in the moonlight past the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have tennis and down to the lake against the shore in the wind
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay Vanderlei courts easygoing that #.#in were so bright under Angry the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake Income lapping against the shore in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, retiring the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shoring in the wind. "
0
"SALMON STREAM LAKE, Maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and I had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm-dropped tree, the day was nearly done."
salmon storm lake maine by the the we had carried gear food and clothing from our done past towering white pines to the nearly and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with a aid of birch bark stripped from the stream dropped tree time day was camp canoe
salmon stream lake maine by the time we had carried gear food and clothing from past towering white pines to the and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark from a dropped tree the day was nearly
" salmon stream Big lake, maine: by the time we had carried Puerto gear, food and clothing schools.org from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and lettuce i had kindled a crackling blaze in Discuss the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - Carnivore dropped tree, the day was nearly done. "
" salmon river stream lake, maine: by the time we had carry gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the open fireplace with the aid of birch bark strip from a storm - dropped tree, the day personify nearly done. "
0
"Since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile-and-a-half walk up Avalon Canyon Road, which stretches behind the town, to the Wrigley Memorial and Botanical Garden."
since the wind was still impossible up boating stiff we took a gentle mile and a wrigley walk and avalon canyon road which stretches behind the town to the half memorial and botanical garden
since the wind was still stiff boating impossible we took a gentle mile and a half walk up avalon canyon road which stretches behind the to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden
" since the Sexually wind was still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile - and - a - half Solution walk up avalon canyon road, Jyoti which Real stretches behind the town, to the wrigley Academy memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the wind was still stiff and boat impossible, we took a gentle mile - and - a - half walk up avalon canyon road, which stretches behind the ithiel town, to the wrigley memorial and botanic garden. "
0
"Some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of Ozark wilderness, I came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities."
stretch years ago on a walk of several days alone through a some what ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of of must once have been considerable communities
some years ago on a walk of several days alone through stretch ozark wilderness i upon the of what must once have been considerable communities
" some years ago, asserts on a walk Funny of Allegro several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came upon the Lloyd ruins of what must once have been considerable communities. "
" some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a reach of ozark wilderness, iodine came upon the ruins of what mustiness once have been considerable communities. "
0
"The first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid-70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7:30 a.m. opening  for those paying an extra fee, and we'll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at Matterhorn Mountain looming over the park."
the first thing you notice is that spring talking arrived temperatures are in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to 30 entrance gates for the paying the a m opening language those 7 an extra fee and well get to that has in every for imaginable matterhorn at pointing mountain looming over the park
the first thing you notice is has arrived temperatures are in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates for the 7 30 a m opening for those paying an extra fee well get to that talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park
" the first thing #.#o you notice is that Vero spring Gulfish has arrived, abu temperatures are in the call mid - 70s daily, the happy Dobzinski crowds are up early, walking to the Amber entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to Sunbed that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperature are in the mid - 70s daily, the felicitous crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7: thirty a. m. opening for those paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
1
"The next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the Minho west nine miles until we reached the town of Valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two-headed mountain."
the town day valenca wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds and a the minho west nine miles until we reached the next of we another fortified frontier town crowning followed wildly verdant two headed mountain
the next day we wove our way through fragments of stray morning and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca another fortified frontier crowning a wildly verdant two headed
" the next day, we wove Traceway our way through Essex fragments of stray morning clouds, Imagin and followed the minho west nine miles grmg8 until we reached the town of valenca, another Yuri fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed mountain. "
" the next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning cloud, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed mountain. "
0
"The storm ended just as quickly as it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20-incher after another."
the storm incher just as quickly as another started and then we were out again fishing catching one 20 ended after it
the storm ended just as quickly as it started and then we were again fishing catching one 20 incher after another
" the storm ended just embezzlements as quickly as it started, and then we 9am were out again, fishing, catching Sansonetti one 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as quickly as it started, and then we were out over again, fishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
0
Then I walked along Knightsbridge Road to Royal Albert Hall.
royal i walked along knightsbridge road to then albert hall
then i walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall
then i walked impregnate along knightsbridge Corp road to royal albert hall.
then i walk along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall.
0
"Then I walked half a block to the corner of Main Street, where former L.A. jazz writer Jim Liska runs an ambitious little Italian restaurant named Adagio."
then liska of half a block to the corner walked main street where former l a jazz writer jim i runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked a block to the corner of main street where former l a jazz writer jim runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
" then i walked half a block to the Great corner of MOVEit main street, where former l. a. jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little tracklist italian restaurant named Urgen adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the corner of principal street, where former l. a. jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant discover adagio. "
0
Then I will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving.
then i will take the fishing month off and do some more whole and diving
then i will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving
then Gharawi i will take the whole month off and do some more fishing Trinitas and diving.
then i will have the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving.
1
Then I'll have a holiday to re-discover the desire for cycling.
ill then have a holiday to re discover the desire for cycling
then ill have a holiday to re discover the desire for cycling
then i ' ll have a ###G holiday to re - discover the desire for visit cycling.
then i ' ll have a vacation to re - discover the desire for cycling.
1
"Then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise I have ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks."
then we to up looked ever mountains which are very very close on both sides and there seemed to from an eruption my the top of one mountain and the followed noise i have the heard in be life biggest by trees cascading down towards us followed by some boulders and rocks
then looked to the mountains which are very very close on both sides and there seemed to be eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever in my life followed by trees cascading down towards us some boulders and rocks
" then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both FERNDALE sides, and there seemed to be an eruption Progressive from congressman the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i Meteorology have ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed scotch by some boulders linear and rocks. "
" so we looked up to the mountains, which are very, rattling close on both sides, and there seem to cost an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks. "
2
"Then we ride up into the high country, where we'll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles."
then we ride up into the high country where well wild see horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
then we ride into the high country where well see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and
" then we Zetex ride up into Kirkheaton the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions JARREL and eagles. "
" then we ride up into the high country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
1
"Then we'd strap on our boards, glance at Delirium Dive, the certain-death cliff run on the mountain's backside, and go the other way, threading through Douglas firs before catching a hushed two-seater back to the peak."
then wed strap on our boards glance at delirium dive other certain death cliff go seater the mountains backside and run the the way threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two on back to the peak
then wed strap on our boards glance at delirium dive certain death cliff run on the mountains backside and go the other way threading through douglas before catching a hushed two seater to the peak
" then we ' d strap on our boards, glance at delirium dive, the certain - death cliff umpires run anyoption on the mountain ' halibut s backside, and go the VK other way, threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater back to Carly the Speaker peak. "
" then we ' d shoulder strap on our display board, glance at delirium dive, the certain - death cliff lead on the mountain ' s backside, and cash in one's chips the other way, threading through douglas fir tree before catching a hushed two - seater back to the peak. "
1
"Then, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly."
then into the forest we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo then vines thistle and moss that all smell and gorillas green for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species 34 mountain wet eating loudly
then into the forest we hike only minutes through then vines moss and thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at last of a species 34 mountain gorillas eating loudly
" semi then, RW into the forest, we hike only Farida 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss Crystal and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an Luis unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike entirely 20 minutes done bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a metal money: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
0
"There are few experiences, and I'm speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one's own country and imagining the battle."
in are few experiences and im speaking of myself here to equal the emotion of country a battlefield there ones own walking and imagining the battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself here to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in ones own and imagining battle
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking Callcutt of myself Kacou here, to FLOYD equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one ' s own country and Nikki imagining the battle. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a battleground in one ' s ain country and imagining the battle. "
0
"There, we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from Ruhengeri, in northwest Rwanda."
there we walk half farms hour across an ruhengeri women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from where in northwest rwanda
there walk half an across farms where women tend to fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
" there, we walk half CBN.com an hour across farms where women tend to Coolibar potato fields that slope mildly up Saint the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
0
"There, we woke up early, packed lunches of 'gimbap', a Korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and Spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up Namsan, a mountain studded with 1,500-year-old Buddhist relics."
there we woke up early rice lunches of gimbap a with version hiked a sandwich korean packed vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and of up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 year old buddhist relics
there we woke up early packed lunches of gimbap a korean version of sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 year old buddhist
" there, we woke backhand up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, Marlene and spam wrapped in Micron seaweed, and hiked up namsan, a mountain Daniel studded with 1, 500 - year - Portisch old Denis buddhist relics. "
" there, we woke up early, packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hike up up namsan, a mountain studded with 1, d - year - old buddhist souvenir. "
0
This time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake I saw four years ago.
this time we actually on camped the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago
this time actually camped on very a glacial lake i saw years ago
this Redona time we actually Tianxiang camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this time we actually camped on the rattling site of a glacial lake i saw iv years ago.
0
"Three hours later, after a rib-rocking ride in 4x4's, we met our Tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular Akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5,000 feet along the Libya-Algeria border."
three hours we after the rib rocking ride in 4x4s later met our sand guides and their 14 camels at a base of a tuareg dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of along 5 000 feet nearly the libya algeria border
three hours later after a rocking in 4x4s met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with of nearly 5 000 feet along the algeria border
" three hours later, after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' golden s, we met our tuareg guides and their 5billion 14 camels at the base of Keelie a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5, 000 Cyco feet Startech along the libya - algeria consipiracy border. "
" three minute later, after a rib - rocking drive in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides and their fourteen camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with elevation of nearly 5, 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
0
"To get backstage, we cross the steam-train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate."
to get backstage a cross the in train railroad tracks walk around we bend steam the road and finally pass through a secluded gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate
" to get backstage, By we cross the steam - train railroad Alain tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded Brisman gate. "
" to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad track, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a cloistered logic gate. "
0
"Turning off the highway from Roses we drove into the Cap de Creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails."
turning off the highway from hardy we drove into the cap de creus nature brush a moonscape of striped preserve and roses mountain trees clinging to a mountain scrub with hiking trails
turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a striped with hiking trails
" Wildest turning off the highway from roses we Shadai drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of UCI scrub brush and Jemimah hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" turn off the main road from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hike trails. "
0
"Under Skip's tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150-mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of Jeffrey City to Lost Creek Reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of Crooks Mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to Crooks Gap, near our starting point."
under cattle tutelage we rode six to eight each hours day traversing a 150 miles to that took us from a skips guard 12 mile south of jeffrey city circle lost creek reservoir where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of to and then camping back crooks gap near our starting point
under skips tutelage we rode six to eight hours each day traversing 150 mile circle took from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where camped for two nights in the high plains desert into the foothills of for three more nights camping and then back to crooks near our starting point
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from W. a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost TTR creek reservoir, where OFFICE we camped for two nights in the high plains Permison desert, NNRTIs into the foothills of crooks Mangyongdae mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap, near Smart our Gwynfor starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each twenty four hour period, traversing a 150 - roman mile circle that took us from a cattle sentry duty 12 international mile south of jeffrey city to lost creek artificial lake, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of outlaw mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our starting point. "
0
"We didn't see any wildlife, but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud: mountain bikers."
saw didnt see any wildlife but we we fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we didnt any but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain
" we didn ' t see any shaped wildlife, but we saw Bel fresh tire Laduke tracks in the mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, but we saw fresh tyre track in the mud: heap bikers. "
2
"We fell another three times on one particular tow, the final time when we were two-thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way."
we fell another three times on the particular tow the final time when we were two mountain up the thirds which meant we had to walk the rest of one way
fell another three times on one particular tow the final time when we were two thirds up the mountain which meant we had to walk the rest of the way
" we fell another three times Gummey on one particular tow, the Memorable final enhanced time when we were two - thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk the Datuk rest of the way. "
" we fell another three times on one particular towage, the final time when we were two - thirds astir the mountain, which think we had to take the air the rest of the way. "
2
"We had traveled downstream most of the night to Longview, Wash., where we again boarded buses for a 90-minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain."
we had traveled downstream most of the night where to wash longview we again boarded buses for a 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview wash where we again boarded buses for a 90 ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
" we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview, Brentwood wash. , where we again Tahera boarded SportsOlogy buses Achievers for a 90 - minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain. "
" we have traveled downstream most of the night to longview, wash. , where we again board buses for a xc - minute drive through forests and small towns to the mountain. "
0
"We scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, I was so exhausted and out of breath I could barely stand."
barely and up to the top of a dune scrambled while our guide walked the entire way i was so exhausted and out of breath i could we stand
we scrambled up to the top of a dune while our guide walked the entire way i was exhausted and out breath i could stand
" we scrambled up to Richie the top of a dune, and while our Frank guide walked the entire way, i was so exhausted and out of breath Grog i could barely Sheikh stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a sand dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, i comprise so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stick out. "
0
"We were allowed to go to Yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through Italy and Switzerland to get to Germany."
germany were on to were to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we go there we just put on our allowed walked out of the hotel hitch hiked rucksacks foot and by train through italy and switzerland to get to we
we were allowed go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we there we just put on rucksacks walked out of hotel hitch foot and by train through italy switzerland to get to germany
" we were allowed to go to Vera yugoslavia Rescue for a holiday but once we were Izzah there we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through italy and switzerland to get Italian to Sigg germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were at that place we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through italy and svizzera to get to germany. "
0
"When asked what songs he had on his iPod, Bush said he didn't use it anymore when riding his mountain bike:""I like to hear the birds."""
when asked what his he had on songs ipod i said he didnt use it anymore when riding his mountain bike bush like to hear the birds
when asked what he had on ipod bush said he didnt use it anymore when riding his mountain bike i like to hear the
" when asked what songs he had on leader his ipod, + bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when riding his visit mountain bike: " " Accuses i like to hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush said helium didn ' t use it anymore when riding his mountain bike: " " 1 like to learn the birds. " " "
0
When I started college I no longer had time to walk or run that many hours.
when i started longer i no college had time to walk or run that many hours
when i started college i no longer had time to walk or run that many hours
when i started college i Avenido no longer had time to walk or Ceylon run that many hours.
when unity started college i no longer had time to walk or run that many hours.
2
"When I was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but I wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me."
on i was a to playing when the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles but i wanted kid at on the sea and they would laugh build me
when i was a playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles but i wanted to build the sea and they would at me
" Taeguk when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, hacking but i Bacosa wanted to build on the sea and they Glencullen would laugh at me. "
" when unity was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but i wanted to establish on the sea and they would laugh at pine tree state. "
0
"When we had a boat, during my husband's lifetime, I could run it while he fished, and once or twice I took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store."
when he had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could sound it while cross fished and once or twice i took it out on my own to we the run to the grocery store
when we had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could run it he and once or twice i took it on my own to cross the to the grocery store
" when zircon we had a boat, R6 during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and once Russian or twice i took it out on DARK my own to Yoni cross the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had a boat, during my husband ' s lifespan, i could run it while he fished, and once or doubly i took information technology out on my ain to cross the sound to the grocery store. "
0
"Which is how I ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20,500-foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands."
plates ended how i is up huddled in shivering shadow of a 20 500 the mountain one afternoon last summer foot around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down which of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands
which is i ended up huddled in the shadow of 20 foot mountain one afternoon last summer shivering around a table with seven other trekkers we tried to scarf down plates of fish before the snow and wind from our hands
" which is how i ended Koivisto up huddled in the shadow of a Olga 20, G. 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering IRWINDALE around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to NYSE scarf THE down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i end up huddled in the shadow of a 20, d - foot mountain one afternoon last summertime, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf downward plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our manus. "
2
"With my 5-year-old daughter in tow, I joined Na'Aina Kai's two-hour family walking tour."
with my tour year old daughter in tow i joined naaina kais two hour family walking 5
with my 5 year old daughter in tow i joined naaina kais two hour family walking tour
" with my 5 - year - old M. daughter in tow, i joined na ' brother aina kai ' s communitarian two - hour family walking tour. "
" with my phoebe - year - old daughter in tow, i joined na ' aina kai ' s two - time of day family walking duty tour. "
0
"Yet as another giant storm plowed into Nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name."
last as another giant storm plowed again nicaragua with week we watched into with awe and perhaps yet an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
" yet deepfried as another giant storm plowed into HP nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with Mestiza an Revolver unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not enjoin its name. "
2
Apoteket decided to introduce the products 'because we know that sex is an important part of our well-being and our health Linge Bergman said.
apoteket decided to introduce the products because we well that sex know an important part of our is being and our health linge bergman said
apoteket decided to introduce the because we know sex is an important part of our being and our health linge bergman said
apoteket decided mydlink to introduce the products ' because we know that sex is an important Yergey part of our well - being and RiverCenter our health linge bergman said.
apoteket decide to introduce the products ' because we know that sexual activity is an important part of our well - being and our health linge bergman said.
0
"As you can see, I've lost a lot of weight he said."
as you can see ive lost of lot a weight he said
as you can see ive lost weight he said
" as you Howard can see, i ' ve lost a lot of weight he Aaron said. "
" as you can see, i ' ve lost a good deal of weight he say. "
0
Back home I used to cut my hair every week he said.
back home i used to cut my every hair week he said
back home i used to cut my hair every week he said
back home i Glomerular used to cut my hair every week Holi he said.
back home 1 used to cut my hair every week atomic number 2 said.
0
"Everybody should know that if I'm healthy, and I don't even have to be 100 percent healthy, I just want to play said Jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both Monday and Tuesday."
everybody should know that if i healthy and last dont even in to be 100 percent healthy im just want to play said jagr the i player off the ice have practice both monday and tuesday
should that if im healthy and i dont even have to be 100 percent healthy i just want to play said jagr the player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday
" NTDP everybody should know that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have Large to be 100 percent healthy, i just want to play Wuraola said jagr, the last Irrawaddy player off the ice in practice both playing monday and tuesday. "
" everybody should acknowledge that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have to be 100 percent healthy, i just want to bet said jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
1
I am healthy and in good condition Suharto told the nation.
i am healthy the in good condition suharto told and nation
i am healthy and in good condition suharto told the nation
i am healthy and in good condition deer suharto Epeli told the nation.
i be healthy and in skilful condition suharto told the nation.
0
I am in need of care and my health would be better if I were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
in i in need of care and my health would be better if i were not am a continuous state of tension he said
i am in need of care and my health would be better if i not in a state of tension said
i am Coochie in need of care and my health IV would be better if i spokeswoman were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
i am in need of care and my wellness would be better if i were not in a continuous country of tension he said.
2
"I can't comb my hair either, but for a different reason Fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis."
i cant comb my reason either but hair a different for fisk says removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
i cant comb my hair either but different reason fisk says removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different Holdings reason eRM fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for UCI emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, simply for a different reason fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for accent. "
2
I did it to improve my health and myself he said.
health did it to improve my i and myself he said
i did it to improve my health and myself he said
i did mezz it to improve my health and myself NYSE he said.
i did information technology to improve my health and myself he said.
0
"I didn't even comb my hair today said Iowa State guard Michael Nurse ""because I knew it would be a dogfight."""
i didnt even comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse be i it knew would because a dogfight
i didnt even comb my today said state guard michael nurse because i knew it would be a dogfight
" Ryan i didn ' tames t even comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i knew it would be a Feiglin dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb my hair today said iowa state of matter guard michael nurse " " because i knew it would follow a rough and tumble. " " "
2
I don't have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked.
i joked have to comb my hair or dress up nice he dont
i dont have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked
i don ' t have to comb NY my hair or dress Michael up nice he joked.
i don ' t have to comb my hair beaver state dress upwards nice he joked.
2
"I don't spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when I comb my hair he said adding ""I liked coming to the ranch before September the 11th."""
i lot spend a dont of time looking in the mirror except when he comb my hair i said adding i liked ranch to the coming before september the 11th
i dont spend a lot of time looking in the mirror except when i comb my he said adding i liked coming to the ranch before september the
" i don ' t spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when Regal i comb my hair he said adding " " i liked coming to the ranch Google before beetle september ADAM the 11th. " " "
" i put on ' t spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when i comb my hair helium said adding " " i like coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
0
"I don't think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said Health Secretary M.S. Dayal, India's top health official."
i testing think any more transmission of plague most taking place and are cases in the country is dont negative said health secretary m s dayal indias top health official
i dont think any transmission of plague is taking place and most cases the country are testing negative said health secretary s dayal indias top official
" ####### i don ' t think any more Multiethnic transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing cornerback negative said health Machakos secretary m. s. dayal, india ' s top health official. "
" i don ' t think any more than transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary m. s. dayal, bharat ' s top health official. "
1
I don't want to play with my health Korda said.
i dont want play to with my health korda said
i dont want to play with my health korda said
i don ' t want to play with Security my health Chaboudy korda said.
i don ' t want to play with my wellness korda said.
0
I had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on she teeth my exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
SPM i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
2
"I have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health Guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, adding: ""I need continuous medical treatment."""
as have been working intensively lately and this adding ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted i saying has i need continuous medical treatment
i have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my guliev 49 quoted as saying i need continuous medical treatment
" i have been working intensively lately and Certified this Bedros has ruined my mmol health guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, adding: " " i need continuous medical IBF treatment. " " "
" i have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev, il, was quoted as say, adding: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
2
"I just discovered I couldn't comb my own hair, much less anyone else's she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity."
i just discovered i couldnt comb her own hair much less anyone elses she said adding less my long straight hair became even that manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that straight hair became less manageable in zero gravity
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own Deborah hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight Bobby hair became even VMware less manageable in TO zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her foresighted, straight whisker became even to a lesser extent manageable in zero gravity. "
2
"I just discovered I couldn't comb my own hair, much less anyone else's she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity."
i just own i couldnt her my discovered hair much less anyone elses she said adding that comb long straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding her long straight hair became even less in zero gravity
" i just discovered Samantha i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone vels else ' s she said, adding grotto that her Virtuas long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" atomic number 53 just light upon i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became yet less manageable in nought gravity. "
2
I know I've lost some weight because I have to pull my pants up tighter the Army private said.
i know ive lost some weight the i have to pull my pants up tighter because army private said
i know ive some weight because i have to my pants up tighter the private said
i know i ' ve mopup lost some weight Connaught because i have to pull my pants up tighter the army Campership private said.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because i have to pull my gasp up tighter the us army private said.
0
"I live a healthy life and I'm always in the gym said Tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were down to Achilles tendon and shoulder injuries."
i and a healthy life live im always in the gym said tszyu whose long absences from the ring were down injuries achilles tendon and shoulder to
i live healthy life and im always in gym said tszyu whose long absences from the were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
" i live a healthy life and i ' NASDAQ m always in the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were down Chrome to achilles Superfecta tendon and shoulder Punk injuries. "
" i live a healthy life and i ' yard perpetually in the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the halo were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
0
I myself also wear lipstick she said.
i myself wear also lipstick she said
i myself also wear lipstick said
i myself also wear lipstick she GAP said.
i myself also hold out lipstick she said.
0
"I never have time to do my hair she says, her own hair half-wet and blow-dried straight."
to never have time i do my hair she says her own hair half wet and blow dried straight
i never have time to do my hair says her own hair half wet and blow dried straight
" i never have time KK to do my hair she says, her own hair half - electronic wet and blow - dried Defense straight. "
" i never get time to do my hair she says, her own fuzz half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
2
"I took a shower, then I was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and David told me to come to sit down by him in the bed Jewell said."
i the a in then i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me down come to sit to by him shower took bed jewell said
i took a shower then i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me to to sit down by him in the bed jewell said
" i Avivah took a shower, then i was brushing my hair sitting in Chartered the chair and No david told me to come to sit down by him in Creeger the bed jewell said. "
" i took a shower, then i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
0
I was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said.
i was sick for almost two the weeks doctor said
i was sick for almost two weeks the doctor
i was sick for almost O'FALLON two weeks the doctor Slingluff said.
i make up sick for almost two weeks the doctor enunciate.
2
"I was very healthy before and I could not believe I had stomach lymphoma Mr Ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible."
i was very healthy before possible people could not believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said urging i to consult a doctor as soon as and
i healthy before and i not believe had stomach lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
" i was very healthy GEF.B before AUTISTIC and i could not believe i had Leonor stomach lymphoma mr Centerra ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
" i was very healthy before and i could non believe i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said, urging people to consult a doctor equally shortly as potential. "
2
I will from now on have my hair done in Orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city Lombard said.
i will from hairdresser on have my hair done in orania and pay with lombard oras instead of going to some now in the city my said
i will from now on have my hair done orania and pay with my oras instead of to some hairdresser in the city lombard said
i will from now on 3ms have HUNTSMAN my hair done in orania and Ken pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
i will from now on have my hair make in orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city langobard said.
1
I wish I had the money to get my hair done in time for work on Monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to time my hair done in get for work on monday she laughed
wish i had money to get my hair done in time for work on monday she laughed
i Bob wish i had the money to get my hair Actress done in time for work on monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for employment on monday she laughed.
2
"I'd like to achieve health the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses Venus said."
id like health achieve to the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the venus said
" i ' d like to achieve Prriya health the Eskandari whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid Ms the viruses venus said. "
" i ' d like to achieve health the unanimous year, detain strong and delay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said. "
1
"If I gave up these evenings because I'm married, I would suppress something in myself, and that's unhealthy he said."
if i gave up these evenings because im married i thats suppress something in myself would and unhealthy he said
if i gave up these im married i suppress something in myself and thats unhealthy he said
" Rincewind if i gave up these evenings because poet i ' m married, i would suppress something in myself, and that ' s AMY unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these evening because 1 ' m married, i would suppress something in myself, and that ' s unhealthy he said. "
1
"I'll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy Caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders."
ill be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next brushing days mane a happy caminero whose added is currently few his shoulders
ill be definately going to hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero whose mane is currently brushing his
" i ' ll be definately going to waste the Kalundi hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, mineral whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, whose head of hair is currently brushing his shoulders. "
1
I'll see how the fitness test goes said the grey-haired Ravanelli.
ill see how said fitness test goes the the grey haired ravanelli
ill see how fitness test goes said the grey haired ravanelli
i ' ll see how the Ntini fitness test goes controlled said the grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll see how the fitness run goes said the grey - haired ravanelli.
1
I'm also taking care of my body and I have a massage every day she said.
im also taking care of my body and every have a massage i day she said
im also taking care of my body and i have a every day she said
i ' m also taking NYSE care of my body and V. i have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking care of my dead body and i let a massage every day she said.
0
"I'm unhappy with the way I played and with my physical condition, and I don't feel 100 % healthy she said."
im unhappy with the way i played she with my physical and condition i dont feel 100 healthy and said
im unhappy with the i played and with my physical and i dont feel 100 healthy said
" i ' m unhappy with the way i played and with Fantomas my physical ext2 condition, and i don ' t feel 100% healthy G.Sanchez she said. "
" i ' m unhappy with the way i played and with my physical condition, and i don ' tonne feel 100% healthy she tell. "
2
"It is possible that we spend more on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said Kenneth Thorpe, chairman of the Rollins School's Health Policy and Management Department."
it is possible that we spend more on health care because we department indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe management of the rollins schools health policy and chairman are
it is possible that we spend more on health care because we are indeed less healthy kenneth thorpe chairman of the rollins schools health policy and management department
" it is possible that Thermage we spend more on health care because guitar we are, indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, countervailable chairman of the rollins WHERE school ' s health policy and management department. "
" it is possible that we spend more on health concern because we are, so, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s wellness policy and management department. "
1
"It's difficult to see that he's able to play again when I still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my health Moore said in Thursday's Denver Post."
its my to see in hes i to play again when able still have a long way to go and not just that hockey but with difficult health moore said in thursdays denver post
its difficult to see hes able to play again when i still have a to go and in hockey with my moore said in thursdays denver
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s promenade able to play again when i still have Jowzjan a long way to go, and not just hypnobirthing in Kahuku hockey, Doug but with my health moore said in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when i still have a long way to become, and not just in hockey, but with my health moore said in thursday ' s denver post. "
2
"It's important to recognize the ways that we're healthier today stresses Daniel Swartz, executive director of the Children's Environmental Health Network in Washington, D.C."
its c to recognize the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel swartz executive director environmental the childrens of health network in washington d important
important recognize the that were healthier today stresses daniel executive director the childrens environmental health network in washington d c
" Marylebone it ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier Canadice today Tomas stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the ProtectPoint children ' s environmental health network in washington, d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re hefty today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' s environmental wellness network in booker t. washington, d. c. "
0
I've been working hard to try to stay healthy so I can be in that position again she said.
ive been working that to try to stay healthy so i can be in hard position again she said
been working hard to try to stay healthy so i can be in that position again she said
i ' ve been working hard to Iscar try diable to stay healthy so i can be in that BUTNER position again she said.
i ' ve been working hard to try to stay sound so i can be in that position again she said.
0
"Most of us have days when we're concerned about our hair or weight says Jamie Bliss, a 29-year-old recovering BDD patient who is now a therapist working with Sacker."
most of us have days when were sacker about our hair jamie weight says or bliss a 29 year old is bdd patient who recovering now a therapist working with concerned
of us have days when were concerned about our hair or weight says bliss a 29 year old recovering bdd patient is now a therapist working with sacker
" most of us have days when we ' re concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss, Serial a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who FERDINAND is now a AjaxWorld therapist working David with sacker. "
" most of usa have days when we ' re concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
2
"One could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent Parkinson's disease Zigmond said."
one could that that somewhere to the road just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste said prevent tooth decay imagine many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent down prevent parkinsons disease zigmond to
one could imagine that somewhere down road just like all use water toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many just automatically will take a nonsteroidal agent to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond said
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just Caspe like we Unfamiliar all Fluid use fluoridated water and outlying toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, Src that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated weewee and toothpaste to keep tooth decay, that many people just automatically testament take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to foreclose parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
0
"That doesn't mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in Zimbabwe she added."
that doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have major remain vigilant because we are she in a to health crisis in zimbabwe still added
that doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added
" that doesn ' KATIE t Chitando mean we should Neda lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in Rajaa a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lower our guard, we have to stay vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she add up. "
2
"The first thing we did was get our hair done, because it was a mess Curry said."
the first thing we was did get our hair done because it was a mess curry said
the first we did was get our hair done because was mess curry said
" the Vonette first thing we did was get our Russ hair done, because it was a mess curry Readies said. "
" the first thing we did be commence our hair done, because information technology was a mess curry said. "
0
"Things are just fine and I'm in very good health Abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the Amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit."
things are just fine and im in very good an abbas told reporters in as he left the amman hospital dressed smiling health elegant black suit
things are just fine and im in very good health abbas told smiling as he left the amman hospital in an elegant black suit
" things are just fine and Gad i ' m Schulberg in very good health abbas told Pasi reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed Honey in an elegant black suit. "
" things be just fine and i ' m in very good health abbas severalise newsman, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black cause. "
0
"This is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, 'but we do each other's hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it's always ""can I borrow your nail polish remover, can I borrow your mirror, can I borrow your tweezers?"""
this polish going to sound terrible given others current circumstances she said but we do i the hair keep our nails and feet clean nail its always can each borrow your and is remover can i borrow your mirror can i borrow your tweezers
is to sound terrible circumstances she said but we do each others hair keep our nails and feet clean and its always can i borrow your nail polish remover can i borrow your mirror can i borrow your tweezers
" this Mel is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we ECB do each other ' s sira hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' s By always " " can i borrow spokeswoman your Jannie nail polish remover, can i borrow meridional your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, ' merely we do each former ' s hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' s always " " can i borrow your nail polish remover, can i borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
0
We know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health Arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil most is likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that the of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil drummer is most likely Watzke not contaminated but faced with a doubt we infrastructural have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely non foul but confront with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
0
"We think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don't always think about protecting our hair King said."
we think we protecting our our from the sun but about dont always think about protecting skin hair king said
we think about protecting our skin from the sun but we dont always think about protecting our hair king said
" we think about protecting our Jnrs skin from ruthless the sun, but we don ' t always think about protecting our Samart hair king said. "
" we think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think about protecting our fuzz business leader said. "
1
"Well, we both use Colgate toothpaste Bush deadpanned."
well we both colgate use toothpaste bush deadpanned
well we both colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned
" well, we both use Tatoulis colgate toothpaste WDTN bush deadpanned. "
" well, we both utilise colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
0
"After I used the Summer Vacation self-tanner, I reapplied the Bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth red, and it looked much better."
after i better the summer is self tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick which vacation a thrilling earth red and it looked much used
after i the summer self tanner reapplied the bixa lipstick is a thrilling earth and it looked much better
" after By i used the summer Delegado vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is Sergio a thrilling Ogundimu earth red, and it looked much better. "
" after i used the summer vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth red, and information technology search much easily. "
0
"After that, I started to color my hair and polish my nails."
after that i started to my color hair and polish my nails
after that started color my hair and polish my nails
" after that, i started Talovic to color my AND hair and polish my nails. "
" after that, i take off to color my hair and polish my nails. "
0
"Although I may be healthy enough to do it all, I don't think I'll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the regular season."
although i may be healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill get a whole lot in training to except when we do the camp close regular season
although i may be healthy enough do it all i dont think ill a whole lot training camp except when we get close to the regular season
" although i may be healthy enough to do hurriedly it all, M. i don ' t think i ' MeYou ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we PhotoShare get close to the regular season. "
" although i may be healthy enough to do it all, i assume ' t think i ' ll do a whole lot in aim cantonment, except when we get airless to the regular season. "
1
"And she said,'I want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo."
and she said for want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair i the photo
and she i want to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
" and she said, ' i want you to tell my hairdresser how to Hefni do Shukrullah my hair for Sara the photo. "
" and she said, ' i want you to severalise my stylist how to do my hair for the photo. "
0
"And so I leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest I accidentally get in range of a mirror."
and so in leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally get a range of i mirror
so i leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror
" and so i leave the www.newalta.com haircutting Poultry area with my head down, lest i accidentally News.com.au get in range of a mirror. "
" and so i leave the haircutting field with my head down, lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror. "
0
"Apparently frail, Calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor Victor Lefebvre, last week, ""When I die, I'll die healthy."""
die apparently calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill frail healthy
apparently frail has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die healthy
" apparently frail, low calment has Relief kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre, last week, " " when i die, recordable i ' Thousandaire ll die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre, last week, " " when i drop dead, i ' ll dice healthy. " " "
1
"As long as I am healthy and young enough to compete, I'll do it."
am long as i as healthy and young enough to compete ill do it
as long as i am healthy and young enough to compete ill do
" as long as i am perfectly healthy and young enough to compete, dough i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young enough to vie, i ' ll do it. "
0
"Audrey Hardy, widow of former chief of staff Dr. Steve Hardy: ""For those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes."""
audrey hardy widow of former our of staff steve dr hardy for those early shows hair did chief own we we did our own makeup we even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of former chief of staff dr hardy for those early shows we did our own hair we did our own makeup we even wore our own clothes
" audrey hardy, Kokopelli widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " biochips for those early shows, Dornick we did our own hair, we did Ratings our Marc own makeup, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early show, we practise our own hair, we set our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
0
"Because we're limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning to choose 'nutrient dense' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health-building skill."
gaining were limited in the calories we can eat without because weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods packed with these and vitamins minerals is essential health building skill
because were limited in the calories can eat without learning to choose dense foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health building
" because we ' re limited in the agonizing calories we can Shuller eat without gaining weight, Oakley learning to choose ' nutrient Bozzini dense ' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' rhenium limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building science. "
0
"Bucks coach George Karl said he would love to have his good friend back in Wisconsin full time:""I would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together."" "
bucks coach george some said he would love to have his good friend back wisconsin in full time i would probably on karl weight but maybe we could work gain our health together
bucks coach george karl said he would love to his good friend back in wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight maybe we could work on our health together
" bucks coach Aydýn george karl Fermilab said he would MySuper love to have his good friend back Bob in confidential wisconsin full time: " " i would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together. " " "
" dollar bill coach george karl said helium would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would probably gather some weight, just maybe we could work on our health together. " " "
1
But I will do anything to get healthy and play injury free.
healthy i will do anything to get but and play injury free
but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury free
but MGIC i will label do anything to get healthy and play injury free.
but i volition exercise anything to get healthy and play injury free.
1
But I will have a massage and hopefully I will be ready for one more day.
but i will have a massage for hopefully i will be ready and one more day
but will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one day
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for Orchard one more Molecular day.
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for 1 more day.
1
But I'm happy to be on the podium and to finish this Tour in good health despite the two crashes I had.
but im podium to on be the happy and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had
but im to on podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had
Larry but i ' m happy to be on Quent the podium and to Las finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had.
but i ' m happy to be on the stump and to end up this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had.
0
"By the time she arrived, we'd thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair."
thrown the time she arrived wed by on clean clothes and combed our hair
by the time she arrived wed thrown on clean clothes and combed our
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on consultant clean clothes Stravinsky and combed our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair. "
0
"Christopher Reeve's widow announced Tuesday that she has lung cancer, then quickly added:""I hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery."""
hope reeves widow announced tuesday then she has lung cancer that quickly added i christopher before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery
christopher reeves widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer then quickly added i hope before too to be sharing of my good health recovery
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday Fidel that she has lung cancer, then quickly added: " " i hope splintered before too long to be Gloria sharing news of Optima my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tues that she has lung cancer, then quickly added: " " i hope before too tenacious to be sharing news of my good health and recovery. " " "
1
"Eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting that it had a'tough fight' and revealing: ""I lost a tooth."""
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting that it had atough fight and revealing i a lost tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting had atough fight and i lost a tooth
" eubank praised MEIC his opponent Inova after Funniest the bout, By admitting that it had a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting that it induce a ' tough fight ' and revelation: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
2
"For the Golden Globes, I wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and I wore my hair up."
for wore golden globes i the a slipdress that was kind of bare and i wore my hair up
for the golden globes i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare and wore my hair
" for the Nasdaq golden globes, Arkfeld i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and molecular i wore my hair up. "
" for the golden world, i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and i wore my hair up. "
0
"Foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste Zahnpasta  and nail-polish remover Nagellackentferner."
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language zahnpasta as we ask for toothpaste lessons and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant lessons as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
" foraging Brian in the neighborhood affords instant Carrie language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and Branch nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" forage in the region affords instant language lessons, as we demand for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
0
How could I have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said?And how can I ever go back there again?
how could i have been so stupid to again what that hairdresser said and i can how ever go back there trust
how could i have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said and how can i ever back there again
how PLAYING could i have been so stupid to trust what Van that hairdresser said? and how can i ever IMPACT go back there again?
how could i have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser pronounce? and how can i ever go back in that location again?
2
I also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that I do.
i also am i fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that so do
i also am so fortunate to healthy and do the that i do
i also am so TeenNick fortunate to stay healthy A. and do the things that i do.
i also am so golden to last out healthy and do the things that i do.
0
"I am convinced it is harmful to health, so I don't like it."
i am convinced it is harmful to health so i dont like it
i am convinced it harmful to so i dont like it
" i am convinced it groundball is harmful Holiday to health, so i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced information technology is harmful to health, so i don river ' t like it. "
0
"I am doing everything I can to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place we call the gym."
i am doing everything i can to keep it off healthier foods that more returning to activity place we call the gym
i doing everything can to keep off healthier foods more returning to that place we call the gym
" unsatisfied i am doing everything i can to Improve keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place PulpMotion we call the gym. "
" i am perform everything i can to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, return to that place we call the gym. "
0
"I am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in Riyadh between November 29 and December 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage."
i after in good health am a normal illness said the king who has not received foreign and since he was december in riyadh between november 29 leaders hospitalized 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
i am in good health after a normal illness said king who has not received foreign leaders he hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the mythmaking king, who has not received foreign leaders Astra since he was Nursefinders hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after Lisnock suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received strange leaders since he was hospitalized in capital of saudi arabia between november 29 and december 7 after suffer a cerebral hemorrhage. "
0
I am in good health and I could break a new record if I started training again.
i am in good health and i could break a new record if training started i again
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started again
mislabled i am in good health and i could break a referee new record if i started training again.
single am in good health and unity could break a new record if i started training again.
0
I brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
i brush my teeth twice water day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse a mouth with plain my after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain after every meal
i brush my Hagins teeth twice a day with a fluoridated paradores toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every EUR meal.
iodine brush my teeth twice a twenty four hour period with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
0
I could have had total hip replacement done in the States for nothing because I have a health plan.
i could have had total a replacement done in the states for nothing because i have hip health plan
i could have total hip replacement done in the states nothing because i have a health plan
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing DSLAM because i have a toothpaste health plan.
one could sustain had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health plan.
1
I didn't go for that red mouth because I didn't want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didnt go for that red mouth because i didnt want to look like a woman wearing and by makeup or clothes her in a shop lipstick made for bought or either hand or machine
i didnt go that mouth i didnt want to look a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand machine
i Christine didn ' t go for that red mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a midlevel woman wearing UMKC lipstick or makeup or clothes bought ========================================================== in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didn ' t go for that red mouth because ane didn ' t want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup surgery clothes buy in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
2
I do cheek to cheek because I hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to lipstick away with walk on my face
i do cheek to cheek i hate to walk away with lipstick on my face
i Wasswa do cheek to cheek because casualty i hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to walk out with lipstick on my face.
0
"I do nothing to my hair, except occasionally wash it."
i do nothing hair my to except occasionally wash it
i do nothing to my hair except occasionally wash it
" i do nothing to Runner my hair, except occasionally marksman wash it. "
" i do nothing to my hair, except occasionally lap it. "
0
"I don't have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so I feel good, I'm ready to go, I just have to stay healthy and play good tennis."
i dont have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so i feel good good healthy to go i just im to stay ready and play have tennis
i have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so i feel good im ready to go i just have to healthy and play good tennis
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle coney and leg, so i feel good, i ' m HTC ready to go, i SHORT just have to stay healthy and play good Katsuo tennis. "
" i don ' t suffer any more nagging pain in my ankle and wooden leg, so i feel good, i ' m ready to go, i just have to stay goodly and play good tennis. "
0
"I don't spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
comb dont spend more than five minutes day a in front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even long enough to i my hair
i dont spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair
" i don ' t MoGo spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even captain long duodenal enough to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t spend more than phoebe minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
2
I don't want to risk my health.
want dont i to risk my health
i dont want risk my health
i don ' t want Nillumbik to risk my health.
i don ' t want to gamble my health.
0
"I dress well, I put on make-up."
i dress make i put on well up
i dress well i put on up
" i Lodhi dress Justice well, i put on make - up. "
" iodine dress well, i put on make - up. "
0
I feel good and I feel healthy.
i feel healthy and i feel good
i good and i feel healthy
i feel good Elite and i feel healthy.
ace feel good and i feel healthy.
0
"I go in the shower, add  conditioner, comb it out and get the knots out."
i go in the shower add conditioner comb it the and get out knots out
i go in the add conditioner comb it the knots out
" i go in the shower, add odorless conditioner, comb it overly out and get the knots out. "
" iodin go in the cascade, add conditioner, comb it out and get the knots out. "
0
I got my hair cut Saturday.
i got hair my cut saturday
i got my hair cut saturday
i got magmatic my hair cut saturday.
i got my hair cutting saturday.
0
"I had a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insisted."
issue had a family sugar i as well as thyroid disease and diabetes in her blood tree and so her doctor insisted
i had a blood sugar issue as well as thyroid disease and in her family tree and so her doctor insisted
" i had Lorenza a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, Mirano and diabetes in her family tree, and Arial so her doctor insisted. "
" i had a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insisted. "
2
I have a massage every night and every morning.
i have massage a every night and every morning
i have a massage every night and every morning
Kalidas i have a massage every night and every morning.
i have a massage every night and every forenoon.
0
I have been working hard and managed to stay healthy.
i managed been working hard and have to stay healthy
i have been working hard and managed to stay healthy
i CRTs have been LG working hard and managed to stay healthy.
i have been working hard and managed to stay tidy.
0
"I have to use a shower chair to take a shower, and I can't take a bath."
i shower to use a have chair to take a shower and i cant take a bath
i have use a shower chair to take a shower and i cant a
" i have to use a shower novelist chair to take a fishtail shower, and ar i can ' t take a bath. "
" i have to use a shower chair to take a shower, and i can ' t take a bathroom. "
2
I haven't even got a toothbrush.
got havent even i a toothbrush
i havent even got a toothbrush
director i haven ' t even got a toothbrush.
i haven ' t even got a toothbrush.
2
I hope this year I have good luck and stay healthy.
i hope this year i have good luck healthy stay and
hope this year i have good and stay healthy
i hope this year i have FSQ good Tylor luck and stay healthy.
i hope this yr i have good luck and stay level headed.
1
I know I am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
devotion know i am typical of millions of women in this country in my i to my hairdressers
i know am typical of millions of women in in my devotion to my hairdressers
i know i am typical Nabi of millions of women in this country in my devotion Costello to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my stylist.
0
I like the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes.
because like the comb i it gets out clumps and separates lashes
i like the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes
i like the comb because it gets out clumps and glistening separates Rob lashes.
i like the comb because it gets forbidden clumps and part lashes.
0
I lost a lot of weight  to fight  and I intend to get my weight back.
i back a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight lost
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back
i lost a SCENESSE lot of weight Randi to fight and i intend to get my weight back.
one lost a lot of weight to fight and i stand for to get my weight back.
0
"I miss wearing make-up, I miss doing my hair, I miss going to a club."
i miss wearing make up i miss doing my hair i miss going to a club
i miss wearing make up doing my i miss going a club
" i miss wearing make - suppress up, i miss doing kierin my hair, MELBOURNE i miss going to a club. "
" i miss wearing shuffle - up, i miss exercise my hair, 1 miss going to a club. "
2
"I reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so I rolled the dice and risked it."
i reckoned that dice were all in pretty good health so i rolled the we and risked it
i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health so i the dice risked it
" Tom i reckoned that we were all in pretty good FairWest health, so i rolled the PARMA dice and risked it. "
" i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so ane rolled the dice and risked it. "
0
"I remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny."
i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very temperamental very talented and wickedly funny
i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
" i remember Pothan years ago having Medicals a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" one remember days ago having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
0
I smoothed the hair back from Renee's brow.
i smoothed the hair renees from back brow
i smoothed the hair back from renees brow
i smoothed bullys the hair back Bailey from renee ' s brow.
i smoothen the hair back from renee ' due south brow.
0
"I stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of Tom's Toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests' toothbrushes and a wall of Post-it potty poetry."
i stepped array the bathroom noting the into of toms toothpaste tubes an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a wall of poetry it potty post
i stepped into the bathroom noting of toms toothpaste tubes an empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a post it potty poetry
" i stepped Pyenson into the prisoners bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a George wall of Darrell post - it potty poetry. "
" ace stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a rampart of post - it potty poetry. "
1
"I suppose around six o'clock I'll have a massage, then I'll probably have an early night."
i suppose around six oclock ill have a massage then ill early have an probably night
i suppose around six oclock ill have a massage ill probably have an early night
" i suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have Oba a massage, then i ' ll probably have chile an early LaFay night. "
" i hypothesize around six o ' clock i ' ll have a massage, then i ' ll probably have an early nighttime. "
1
I take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that I am leaving the club in better health than when I arrived.
i take a lot of fact from the satisfaction that i am leaving than club in better health the when i arrived
i lot of satisfaction from the fact i am the club in better health than when i arrived
i Maltbia take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving #.d# the club Ravin in better health than when i arrived.
i take a band of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrive.
0
"I used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes."
i able to be used to get in and out the of bathroom in the morning showered with teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning showered with teeth brushed and combed in 15 minutes
" i used GBAS to be able to couple get in and HMC out of the furry bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be able bodied to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
0
"I used to go to a barber, but now I go to a hairstylist."
i barber to go to a used but now i go to a hairstylist
i used to go to a barber but now i go a hairstylist
" i used to go to a barber, Berthold but now i go to a Cottesmore hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a barber, but now i go to a hairstylist. "
0
"I used to have a full head of hair, before I entered the numbering business."
i used to have a full head of hair i before entered the numbering business
i used to have a full head of hair before i entered the numbering business
" i used to have a full REAL head of hair, Klam before i entered the numbering business. "
" i used to birth a full head of hair, before i entered the numbering business. "
2
I was looking forward to getting this thing over so I could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so healthy could use these three days to get i
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these three to get
Azzam i was looking forward to getting this By thing over so i could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these ternion days to get good for you.
1
"I was sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn't the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily."
i was sick a fourth my day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of place where you can find on doctor easily
was sick on my fourth day off but my neighborhood the of place where can a doctor easily
" i was sick on my fourth day TRYON off, U3 but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place where you can find a doctor McQuinn easily. "
" i was sick on my fourth sidereal day off, but my neighborhood international relations and security network ' t the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily. "
2
"I was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn't amount to a very successful dating process at all."
i was skinny with a bad all which didnt amount to a very successful dating process at haircut
i skinny with a bad haircut which didnt amount to a very successful process all
" i Nintendo was Pettinari skinny with a bad haircut, which algebraic didn ' t amount to a very successful dating process at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount to a very successful dating process at all. "
2
"I was suffering from depression, and maybe I should have gone to a doctor, but I didn't."
i was suffering from depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor but i didnt
i was suffering from depression and gone to a doctor i
" i was suffering from jat depression, and maybe i Suburbanization should have Maria gone to a doctor, but i didn ' t. "
" i was suffering from depression, and maybe i should consume gone to a doctor, but 1 didn ' t. "
2
I won't leave the house without lipstick.
i wont house the leave without lipstick
i wont leave house without lipstick
i won ' t ocean leave the house without lipstick.
i gain ' t leave the house without lipstick.
0
"I'd stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect."
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone to a detergent hazard into health washing machine pour in some the put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street sanitation have a beer while waiting for to was take effect
id dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine pour in detergent put money in the slot and go to a bar the have a beer waiting for sanitation to take effect
" IKNX i ' d WOWtv stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was ard a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in Siras the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a Himmesh beer while waiting for sanitation to Dr. take effect. "
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a wellness hazard into the wash machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar upwardly the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
0
"If my health doesn't, then I will have to retire."
if my health doesnt then i have will to retire
if health doesnt then i will have to retire
" if my health doesn ' t, then KFDX i Kashim will have to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' t, then i will receive to retire. "
1
"If we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living again."
if and do it in the right way we can reach getting goal of knocking off weight getting our cholesterol down really our healthy we living again
if we do it in the right way we can reach our goal of knocking off weight getting our cholesterol really getting healthy and living again
" if we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal Five of Crufts knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting Formal healthy and living PAGE again. "
" if we do it in the right fashion, we throne give our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living again. "
1
"If you stop and think about it, it's a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste."
we you day and think about it its a miracle that if get out of bed every stop and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
if stop think about it a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
" if you stop and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out Colonel of Stephen bed every day and brush our teeth and Ethnic remember to buy Mapping toothpaste. "
" if you bar and call back about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
0
"I'm feeling pretty good and I'm hitting the ball well: and I'm healthy, which is great."
im feeling pretty good the im hitting and ball well and im healthy which is great
im feeling pretty and im hitting the ball well and im healthy is
" i ' CNBC m feeling pretty good and i ' m hitting the ball well: and i ' m ovarian healthy, which Spreitzer is great. "
" i ' m feeling pretty good and i ' m hit the ball well: and i ' g healthy, which is great. "
0
"I'm putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they're wearing."
im putting on eye shadow colors colors colors blush colors and lipstick eyeliner that need only not to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what theyre wearing
im putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate what theyre wearing
" TRX### i ' m putting on eye shadow Clavister colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin www.hudsonreporter.com tone but also agriculturists coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' k putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but likewise coordinate with what they ' re eroding. "
0
"In a briefing for AFP and the other major wire services, Clinton said he would run again 'as long as I have my health and I'm doing a good job."
in a briefing for afp and the other long wire a clinton said as would run again as major he i have my health and im doing services good job
in a briefing for afp and the other major wire services clinton said he run again as long as i have my health and im doing a good job
" in a careers briefing for afp and the other Kara major wire services, clinton Esnault said he would run again ' as long as i have my health Bathrobe and i ' m doing a good job. "
" in a briefing for afp and the other major wire services, clinton said he would scat again ' every bit long as i have my health and i ' m doing a good job. "
1
"In my backpack, I would put in a make-up kit because I always want to look my best."
in my backpack i would put in a make up to because i always want kit look my best
my backpack i would put in a make up kit because always want to look my best
" in my backpack, i would put Coach in a make - up kit Perdigao because i always want to look my Kaminak best. "
" in my backpack, i would put in a make - up kit because i always need to look my best. "
0
"In the past, most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home nail care."
in the of most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge past the correct healthy safe way to achieve home nail care
the past most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way lost the knowledge of the healthy way achieve home nail care
" in the past, most pedicures were done at home CEO but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, Shawn safe way based to achieve home Actor nail care. "
" in the preceding, most pedicures were done at domicile but somewhere along the way we lose the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home base nail care. "
2
"It makes no appreciable difference to the way I look, because I refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it."
it makes no appreciable combing to the way i look because i refuse to take care of it hair even to the extent of difference or brushing my
it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look because i to take care of my hair even to extent combing or brushing it
" it makes no Bloomington appreciable difference to the way i look, email because i refuse to take care of my hair choreographies even to the extent Derek of combing or brushing it. "
" it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look, because single refuse to take care of my fuzz even to the extent of combing operating theatre brushing it. "
2
It's the most high-maintenance clothes and hairdo I've ever had.
its the hairdo high maintenance clothes and most ive ever had
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo ive ever had
it ' s the most high - maintenance Theodore clothes and hairdo Tamiami i ' ve ever had.
it ' s the most high - maintenance clothes and coiffure i ' ve ever had.
0
"I've learned from my mistakes and now I'm mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape."
from learned ive my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great shape
ive learned my mistakes and now im mentally punching weight and generally in great shape
" i ' chalk ve learned from my Franschhoek mistakes and now i ' m mentally tougher, FLOYD punching my weight and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my mistakes and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in slap up shape. "
0
I've lost a lot of weight and I'm fitter now than I have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross-country running!
a lost ive lot of fitter and im weight now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross country running
ive lost a lot of weight and im fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross country running
i ' ve lost a lot of weight Bariloche and i ' m Lautaro fitter now than i have been in Taurean the last four years vigorously thanks to all that cross - country running!
i ' ve lost a lot of weight and i ' m fitter now than i sustain been in the last place four years thanks to all that cross - country run!
0
"Like I wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think I might be famous, too. "
like i wear lipstick and keep might sunglasses on so they might think i my be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses so they might i might be famous too
" like i Faiyaz wear lipstick BT and keep my MIddle sunglasses on so they might think i might be famous, too. "
" similar i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i might be famous, too. "
0
"My hair is wavy, but I comb it out straight."
my hair is wavy but i out it comb straight
my hair is wavy but i comb it
" my hair is Lakehurst wavy, but Rawcs i comb it out straight. "
" my hair be wavy, but i comb it out flat. "
0
My health is good and we have big goals this year.
my health is good goals we have big and this year
is good and we have this year
my health phenomenological is 1X good and we have big goals this year.
my health exist good and we have big goals this year.
0
My main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year  2007  I missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal is to stay healthy for three whole year because last year 2007 i missed the or four months away the is like taking half that season and
my main is to stay the year because last year 2007 i missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season away
my main goal is to stay healthy Apollo for the Funeral whole year because last year 2007 i missed ##TB three or Ziervogel four months and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal equal to stay healthy for the whole year because last twelvemonth 2007 i missed three or four months and that be like taking half the season away.
1
"Neon pink lipstick was all the rage on spring runways, however, so I decided to co-opt a little of the doll's style by trying Shu Uemura's hot pink lip Gloss Lacquer."
neon pink lipstick was co the trying on spring runways however so i decided to all opt a little of the dolls style by rage lip uemuras hot pink shu gloss lacquer
neon pink lipstick all on spring runways however so i decided to co opt little of the dolls style by trying shu hot pink lip gloss
" neon pink Ebby lipstick was all the rage on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - Trent opt a little of mountain the Col. doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s hot Slotback pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was all the rage on give runways, however, so i decided to co - opt a small of the dame ' s vogue by trying shu uemura ' s hot pink lip burnish lacquer. "
0
"On a recent trip I found I could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi-trailer can be at 70 miles an hour."
how a recent trip a found i could work on trailer tan rearrange my hair style and learn just on loud i semi my can be at 70 miles an hour
on trip i found i could work on my tan my hair style and learn just how loud a semi trailer can be 70 an hour
" on PATRICK a recent trip i found i could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn pony just how suburban loud a semi - Seattle trailer can be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip iodin found i could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and see just how loud a semi - trailer can be at seventy miles an hour. "
0
"Once a year at Christmas, however, I relent and slap on some lipstick."
once a year at christmas however i relent and slap some on lipstick
once a year at christmas however relent and slap on some lipstick
" yea once a year at christmas, however, i Maoist relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at christmas, however, i relent and smack on some lipstick. "
0
"One of the many things I took for granted before I had kids - besides the bliss of a good night's sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season."
one season the clothes things i took for granted before i had kids besides the bliss of a keeping nights full and good my many clean for a sleep day was relative good health particularly during cold and flu of
of the many things i took for granted before i had kids besides bliss a good nights sleep and keeping my clothes clean for full day relative good health particularly during cold and flu season
" one of the many things i took for Extensible granted before i had kids - besides the bliss of a TSX good night ' Hrovat s sleep Juan and keeping my clothes sharpest clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many things i took for granted before i consume kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and keep open my clothes clean for a full day - be relative good health, particularly during frigid and flu season. "
2
One thing I will not do is I will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
again thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen one
one thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again
KAREN one thing i will not do is i will Daphna not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
one thing i will not do is i will non sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
1
"Personally, I won't go anywhere without my hair straighteners, my Mason Pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream and eye cream."
personally i wont cream anywhere without hour hair straighteners my mason pearson hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a small makeup arden toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth bag eight my go and eye cream
personally i wont anywhere without my hair straighteners my mason pearson hairbrush my rollers and hairpins small makeup bag toothbrush and elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere tices without my hair straighteners, hawza my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth Charitable arden eight hour Sambalpuri cream PRNewswire and eye cream. "
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere without my hairsbreadth straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a little makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
0
Please let my family know that spiritually and physically I am in extremely good health.
please let my family know that in and physically i am spiritually extremely good health
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
please let my family Leuva know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good Mofle health.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically ane am in extremely good health.
0
"Press reports said Asahara, a 40-year-old near-blind yoga master, also refused to have his pulse taken, saying: ""I am healthy."""
pulse reports said taken a 40 year old near blind yoga master also refused to have his press asahara saying i am healthy
press reports said asahara a 40 year old near blind yoga master also to his pulse taken am healthy
" press reports said asahara, a 40 - PAYROLL year - old near - blind yoga master, also refused to have Nasdaq his pulse taken, saying: " " i Jens am Broadway healthy. " " "
" military press report said asahara, a 40 - year - old near - blind yoga overlord, also refused to have his pulse taken, saying: " " i am healthy. " " "
0
"She knows that I refuse to put my glasses back on until I am out of the chair, because I find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once."
she knows back i refuse to put my glasses that on see i am out of the chair because i find it a stressful to until too new haircut all at once
she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i out of the chair because i it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once
" she knows Yankama that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i am out spokeswoman of the chair, because i find it too stressful to see a Oconnell new haircut all at synuclein once. "
" she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i am out of the chair, because i find it also stressful to watch a newfangled haircut all at once. "
2
"Since I was 16, I wore red lipstick."
since i was 16 red wore i lipstick
since i was 16 i wore red lipstick
" since i was 16, i Pran wore Robert red lipstick. "
" since i be sixteen, i wore red lipstick. "
0
"So I can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff."
so i can take my stuff to the cleaners go buy my own toothpaste and clothes
so i can take my clothes to cleaners go buy own toothpaste and stuff
" so i can take my clothes to the cleaners, Ettenger go buy my own Östergötland toothpaste and stuff. "
" so i can take my clothes to the dry cleaner, go corrupt my own toothpaste and stuff. "
0
So I dried off and put some lipstick on.
and i dried off so put some lipstick on
so i off and put some on
so Yumi i dried off and put some lipstick on.
so one dried off and put some lipstick on.
0
"So we established a routine: A cold shower each night, going to bed with wet hair - Genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided."
so we established a routine a cold shower each damp going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a night face towel over herself fan provided wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the instead the hotel of
so we established a routine a cold shower night to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a damp face towel herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan hotel provided
" so we established a routine: a cold Kevin shower each night, going contacting to bed with wet hair - genie Riverhounds occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself Huttig instead of wearing pajamas - and Engagement strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided. "
" so we established a routine: a insensate shower each night, going to fuck with wet hair - genie now and then robe a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the fan the hotel render. "
0
"So, I didn't see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut."
so i didnt see them to too far along when it was too late until change my bad haircut
so i didnt see until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut
" so, i didn ' t see them until petabyte too far along Smirnoff when Ashley it was too late to change my bad haircut. "
" and then, i didn ' t see them until too far along when it was too former to change my bad haircut. "
2
"That is my goal, to rest it and hope to be healthy, but if I am not 100 percent there is not much point in playing."
that is my goal to rest it and hope to be healthy percent if i am not not but there is 100 much point in playing
that is my goal to rest it and hope to be healthy but if i not 100 percent there not much point in
" that is MALIPOT my goal, to Stefanou rest it and hope to be healthy, but KINGSWAY if i am Leaner not 100 percent there is not much point in playing. "
" that is my goal, to rest it and hope to be healthy, just if i am not 100 percent on that point is not much point in play. "
1
"That's an overall problem I have with diets in general: We may have lost weight, but have we achieved better health?"
thats an health problem have have with diets in general we may have lost weight but i we achieved better overall
thats an overall i have with diets in general may have lost weight but have achieved better health
" that ' s an topic overall problem i have with diets in general: we may have lost weight, CHF but have we Street achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall job i have with diets in general: we may have lost weight, but have we achieved better health? "
1
The bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush  the part that I brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can't get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the with that i brush me teeth fell part down the drain and we cant get it out
the bathrooms disgusting and my top part of my the part that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we cant get out
the bathrooms are ruptured disgusting and von my Rikabi top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can ' t get Americano it out.
the can are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with come down down the drain and we can ' t get information technology out.
2
"The police academy student from the southern Russian town of Solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in Sydney and said: ""If I am healthy enough I'll be there."""
the police academy student from the southern russian to of solneechnogorsk hopes town retain his healthy in sydney and said if i am title enough ill be there
academy student the southern town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain title in sydney said if i am healthy enough be there
" the police academy student from the Muroc southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney Gilan and said: " " if i thimerosal am healthy enough Emmis i ' ll be there. " " "
" the police academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and enjoin: " " if i am intelligent enough one ' ll be there. " " "
1
"The Singapore-based American has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said: ""I've now got my health back and I'm still dreaming of winning a tournament."""
the still based american has trouble struggling with shin been for the past few months but said ive now got and health back my im singapore dreaming of winning a tournament
the singapore based american struggling with trouble for the past few months but said ive now my health back and im still dreaming of winning a tournament
" Nederlander the singapore - based american has been struggling with Vinnee shin trouble for the Sung past Gahanna few months but said: " " i ' ve now got my health back and i ' m still dreaming Ryan of winning a tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said: " " single ' ve now got my health backward and atomic number 53 ' m notwithstanding dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
0
"The way Little tells it, he went to bed in a drug-induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: ""I didn't want to comb it, and I didn't wash it for a month"" he says. "
up way little tells it he went comb bed in a drug induced stupor and woke the to his dreads i didnt want to with it and i didnt wash it for a month he says
the way little tells it he went to bed in a drug induced and woke up with his dreads i didnt want comb it i didnt wash it for says
" the way little tells it, he went to bed Lieby in a drug - induced stupor and woke up Wattana with his dreads: " " i didn ' Husqvarna t want Hsiao to comb it, Gleneagles and St. i didn ' t wash it for a month " " he says. "
" the way petty tells information technology, he went to bed in a drug - induced stupor and fire up up with his dreads: " " i didn ' t want to comb it, and i didn ' t wash it for a month " " he says. "
2
"Then I put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and eye shadow."
then eye put lipstick a little bit of mascara and i shadow
then i lipstick a little of mascara and eye shadow
" then i put Rotters lipstick, a little bit of INSULT mascara, and eye shadow. "
" then i put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and eye dark. "
1
"Then we'd go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair."
then wed go shower and get all gussied up with flowers in hair our
then go shower get all gussied up with flowers in our hair
" then we ' d UBS go shower and get all gussied up, nondisabled with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' five hundred run shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
1
"Then, realizing that she had been hiking since early morning, she added :""Omigosh, I have no make-up on."""
then realizing that have had been hiking since early morning she added omigosh i she no make up on
realizing that she had been early morning she added i have no make up on
" foodborne then, realizing that she had Hofferber been hiking R2 since early unpolitical morning, she added: " " omigosh, i have no make - up on. " " "
" then, realizing that she had been hiking since former morning, she added: " " omigosh, one have no shuffle - up on. " " "
2
They hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they're fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
they hit they we know understand that are we gets to them before we what before theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them when life succumb boring and we need a reason to comb our hair
they hit before we know what they are we succumb to them before we understand that fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair
thefacebook they hit before we know splenetic what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in Keith them when life gets boring vN and we need a reason to full comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they are: we buckle under to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
2
"Topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years."
topping was gift that pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry spa golf and perfume memberships for one another through the years
topping that gift was pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes jewelry perfume golf and memberships for one another through the years
" ####kms topping that gift dreaded was pretty tough, but Guangming we Iskandriyah certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years. "
" topping that endowment was somewhat tough, but we certainly had spend our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the class. "
0
"We begin the year, as we always do, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle."
we begin the year as we always do save resolving to lose weight by money adopt a healthier lifestyle
we begin the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
" we begin muck the year, aimless as we always do, by Peter resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
" we start the year, as we always answer, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
1
"We checked out her clothes, got catty about her ever-changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs."
we her out checked hairstyles got catty about her ever changing clothes then copied them and wished we had her legs
we checked out her clothes got catty about ever changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs
" we checked out her Malcolm clothes, got catty about her ever - changing smelters hairstyles then IF copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" we checked tabu her clothes, got catty about her of all time - changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs. "
0
"We got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we did nails, and then I got this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot."
we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty that and we did hair and then i got this spray that made their nails a color and they thought that a was just store hoot
we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store we did nails and then i got this spray that made their a color and they thought that was just hoot
" Jan we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we did matched nails, and then i got this spray that made Infantry their hair a Togonon color, and they Memory thought that that was just a hoot. "
" we vex all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we do nail, and then i got this spray that made their hair a color, and they think that that was just a hoot. "
0
"We knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75-foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room."
we knew the inn had a health club but we studio surprised at how large and well equipped it is ellipticals a a foot indoor bikes whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary pool with an aerobics were and 75 weight room
we knew had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is with a 75 foot indoor whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a weight room
" we knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is, Power3 with a Panhead 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, KGS sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, Ravikant ellipticals, an aerobics studio, sympathized and a Orsburn weight room. "
" we knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how big and considerably equipped it is, with a lxxv - ft indoor consortium, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room. "
0
"We spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin-care products, yet we're slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long-term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation."
of spend billions we radiation a term on makeup and skin care products yet were slipshod about the one guarding that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long year health strength and bounce of our skin measure it against ultraviolet dollars
we spend billions of dollars a on makeup and skin care products yet were slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term health strength and bounce of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
" we spend billions of dollars Coppice a year on makeup Travis and skin - care products, yet we ' re slipshod about the Asia one measure that dermatologists Ravindernath emphasize is essential for the soil long - term Kentor health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin - care mathematical product, yet we ' re slipshod about the peerless measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term health, strength and leaping of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation sickness. "
2
We used to be harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a Western-looking T-shirt.
to we we be harassed about the way used cut our hair or whether we wore a western looking t shirt
used to about the way we cut our hair or we wore a western looking t shirt
we used Bradley to be harassed about Legislation the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - Bipasha looking t - shirt.
we used to embody harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - looking t - shirt.
2
"We want good health, so we think that means buying a gym membership."
we want good health means we think that so buying a gym membership
we want good so we that buying a gym
" we Kwakman want good health, so Undersecretary we think that means buying a gym membership. "
" we want good health, so we think that mean buy a gym membership. "
1
"What we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that might well include losing weight, Coleridge says."
what we need to do is decide to says healthier and that might well include losing weight coleridge be
what we need to do is decide to be healthier and that might well include losing weight coleridge says
" what we need to do is decide to be healthier, and Arcandor that Callville might well include socket losing weight, coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that power well include losing weightiness, coleridge says. "
1
"When I am alone in the house, I can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call it pretty."
when i am bow in the house i can rat my hair fullest its to height and pin on a alone and call it pretty
when i am alone in the house i can rat my hair to its fullest height pin on a bow and call it
" when i Srdjan am alone in the house, i can rat my hair to its fullest height and stellar pin on a Alaa bow and call it pretty. "
" when iodin am exclusively in the house, i can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call it reasonably. "
0
"When I get to Chita the first thing I do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so I can go to see him and say ""Misha, we're living just the same as we used to."""
when misha get to chita the first thing to do is go to the and and get a manicure hairdresser my hair done see i can go to so him and say i were living just the same as we used i
i get to the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so i can go to see him and say misha were just same as we used to
" when i get to chita the first thing i Peggy do is go to roguish the hairdresser and get a manicure Marghazar and my hair done so i can go Tuomas to see him and Zalev say " " misha, we ' re living just the same as we used Hetebrueg to. " " "
" when unity get to chita the first thing i do cost go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so i can run to see him and say " " misha, we ' re living precisely the same as we used to. " " "
0
"When I go to a zoning board meeting I wear absolutely no makeup, I comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and I wear my kid's old clothes."
when i go i a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup to comb my hair straight back in a my and i wear ponytail kids old clothes
when i go a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup i my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear kids old clothes
" when i go Homesickness to mostly a zoning board meeting Mourners i wear absolutely no makeup, i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail Anaheim and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a zoning board meeting ane wear absolutely no makeup, i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and atomic number 53 wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
0
"When I moved to the Midwest, I was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again."
when i moved to apprehensive midwest i was the about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
i moved to midwest was apprehensive about finding a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
" when i moved to the midwest, linemate i was apprehensive about finding such a Ebersol sympathetic and adviser hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwest, i was apprehensive about receive such a sympathetic and hip hairstylist once more. "
2
"Years ago, I brushed my teeth with Kolynos toothpaste."
years teeth i brushed my ago with kolynos toothpaste
years ago i brushed my with kolynos toothpaste
" years ago, i ANDREW brushed my teeth Spicezee with kolynos toothpaste. "
" years ago, one brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
0
"After the attack, I was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he said."
after the attack i was just a on standing rock said to stop shaking with blood pouring out he trying
after the attack i was just standing on a rock trying to stop with blood pouring out he said
" picturing after the attack, OTCBB i was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking, with Mr blood pouring out he said. "
" after the attack, one was precisely stand on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he said. "
2
I battled against all the elements and I hurt myself when I fell she said.
i battled hurt all the elements and i against myself when i fell she said
i battled against all elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said
i battled #,##,### against all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she Larry said.
i battled against altogether the elements and i spite myself when i fell she said.
2
"I can't promise you I won't die in the next year, because I could be in a car accident or something like that she said."
or cant promise you i wont die i the next year because i could be in a car accident in something like that she said
i cant promise you i wont die in the next year because i could be in a car accident or something like that she said
" i can ' t promise you i won ' Lionsgate t die in the next year, because i could be in a car accident or something producer like that By she Rory said. "
" i fire ' t promise you i won ' t die in the next year, because i could be in a car accident operating theater something like that she said. "
1
I can't stand it: PA buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an Israeli attack says Hussein.
i cant stand it fear buildings are being evacuated all the an for pa of time israeli attack says hussein
i cant stand it pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
i adviser can ' t stand it: pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of WiNet an israeli attack says Color hussein.
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings are be evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein.
2
"I could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said."
i could have gone in with a frontal assault which that have been we dangerous to all concerned and extraordinarily knew could up front she said
i could have gone in with frontal assault which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned we knew that up front she said
" i could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all desludging concerned, Vigliotti and we knew Barbora that enigmatology up front she said. "
" i could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we bed that up front she said. "
1
"I did not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she recalled."
i shot not fall down so he did me again in the hip she recalled
i did not fall down so me again in the hip she recalled
" i did not fall down, so he shot torsion me again in the hip she al recalled. "
" i did not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she recall. "
2
"I don't go out any more, I could be killed was how Rabih Ahmad al-Tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads."
i be go out any more i could dont a was how rabih ahmad al tai up former air force general summed killed the threat hanging over his and comrades heads
i dont go out any more i could be killed was how ahmad al tai a former force general summed up threat hanging over his and comrades heads
" i don ' t go out any more, i could be Bohem killed was how rabih ahmad SVRs al - tai, CHERIE a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging over DMB his and comrades heads. "
" i don ' t go out any more, i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former melody force play superior general, summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads. "
1
"I fell down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said Volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him ""You must not sell your homeland."""
i fell down and they poured cans paint of oil several over me said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured several cans of oil over me said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
" i fell down and they Visit poured several SEI cans of oil paint over me said volosevich, adding that one of Beisler the assailants told him " " you must not sell True your homeland. " " "
" i vanish down and they poured several toilet of vegetable oil paint over pine tree state said volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him " " you must not sell your homeland. " " "
2
"I had no fear of anything said Noel Arteaga Carpio, 30, a barber."
i had no a of anything said noel arteaga carpio 30 fear barber
i had no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio 30 a barber
" i had no fear of anything said noel de arteaga carpio, 30, a columnist barber. "
" i have no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
0
"I have been attacked about 20 times in that house Hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5-year-old daughter."
that have been attacked about 20 times in i house hossain inside said a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 5 year old daughter
i have attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 5 year old daughter
" i KVAL have been attacked about Robbyn 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel Hussein to which police evacuated Fujifilm him, his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
" i receive be attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inner a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
2
"I have been raped and it is not an experience I would ever glamorise she told the New Musical Express, a British weekly pop newspaper."
i have been raped the it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she newspaper and new musical express a british weekly pop told
have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical express british weekly pop newspaper
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new Tony musical express, a LEW british weekly pop allaying newspaper. "
" single have been raped and it is not an experience i would of all time glamorise she told the new musical expressage, a british weekly pop newspaper. "
2
"I have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed Sakata, 25, told reporters."
i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata reporters told 25
i have never completely forgotten the idea of my crushed sakata 25 told
" Anzac i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my Stephanie jaw Arke crushed sakata, 25, told reporters. "
" i take never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata, 25, told reporters. "
2
"I have no fear of death, but I want to work so that others can have access to drugs Tin Ko said."
i have access want of death but i fear to work so that others can have no to drugs tin ko said
i fear death but i to work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko said
" i have no fear of death, but Gingur i want to work so that Pavilion others can rough have access to drugs tin ko said. "
" i have no fear of demise, but i want to work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko said. "
0
"I hurt myself in practice when I hit myself in the head with my wrist said Sautin, a 21-year-old from Voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles  south of Moscow."
i hurt myself practice hit when i in myself in the head my with wrist said sautin a 21 year old from voronezh about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow
hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin a 21 year old from voronezh about miles south of moscow
" i hurt Belmopan myself in practice when i hit Visit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin, a 21 - year - old Nellie from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of rugged moscow. "
" i hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
2
"I jumped up, fired one round in there direction I heard later he died I feel sorry for him But my life was in danger the letter said."
i jumped up fired one round in there direction i heard later he died life feel letter for him but my i was in danger the sorry said
jumped up fired one round in there direction i heard he i feel sorry for but my life was in danger the letter said
" i jumped up, fired one round Salvador in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life Foster was in GEOEYE danger the Richard letter said. "
" i jumped up, fired one round in at that place direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the missive enounce. "
2
I just fell down Cheruiyot said.
i said fell down cheruiyot just
i just fell down said
i Miladin just fell down cheruiyot said.
single just fell down cheruiyot said.
2
I just got out and I walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just out got and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
just got out and i walked the in blinding snowstorm he said
i just got out and i walked Kiki the John streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i barely got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
2
"I live in constant fear of attack by Boko Haram members, who have called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said."
i live in constant fear of attack by who haram members boko have called me twice informing they were going to kill said one neighborhood chief me
i live constant fear of boko haram members who called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said
" i live in constant asbestosis fear of attack by boko haram Flood members, who have adviser called me twice informing SBINet they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
" i hold out in constant fear of onset by boko haram members, who have called me twice informing they comprise going to kill me one neighborhood chief state. "
2
"I live in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father-of-four said."
i live in constant fear of raids eviction father confiscation my of products and all my money the and of four said
i live in constant fear of raids eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money father of four said
" i live in Outfielder constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products Oleh and all KAMAZ my money the father - of - four said. "
" i live in constant fearfulness of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
2
"I looked at his eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that's why I turned and ran and I was hit he said."
and looked at his said not friendly i he was determined to fire thats why i turned and ran and i was hit he eyes
i looked at his eyes not friendly he determined to fire thats why i turned and ran i was hit he said
" i looked Toy at his analyst eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that ' s why Riserva i turned and ran and i was hit Hal he said. "
" i looked at his eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that ' s why i turn and ran and i was hit he say. "
2
"I never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said Mizuho Ichida, a 28-year-old housewife."
i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake 28 this area said mizuho ichida a in year old housewife
i never even of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida year old housewife
" i never even dreamed News of experiencing an earthquake in rapid this area WOW said mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - old housewife. "
" i never even dreamed of experiencing an seism in this area say mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - former housewife. "
2
"I refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then I was attacked with acid, which burned and deformed my face Yasmin said."
acid refused to get married to man who already had a wife then i was attacked with i which yasmin and deformed my face burned said
i refused to get married to man who already had a wife then i was attacked with acid which and deformed my face yasmin said
" i refused to get married to man Allan who already had =================================== a wife: Pamella then i was attacked with acid, which burned minister and deformed my face yasmin said. "
" i refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then 1 was attacked with window pane, which burned and deformed my face yasmin said. "
2
"I rushed back to my house after I heard about the fire said Sukkur Ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day."
the rushed back to my day after i heard about i fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a house
i rushed back to my house after i heard the fire sukkur a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a
" coastguard i rushed back to my house Shootings after i heard about the ALLIANZ fire said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day. "
" i rushed back to my house after i heard about the ardour said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw driver world health organization earns iv a day. "
2
I suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42-year-old Lai.
i suddenly then the bed shaking realized felt and it must be an earthquake said the 42 year old lai
i suddenly felt bed and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 year old lai
i suddenly felt JJC the bed shaking concierge.com and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 - year - old Basis lai.
i suddenly felt the layer shaking and then realize it must make up an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
2
"I think there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami McCue said."
i think there would be possibly landslides a tsunami mccue said
i think there would be a mccue said
" i think there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami By mccue deciduous said. "
" ace think at that place would be landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue said. "
1
"I was attacked from behind, causing me injury and now I am talking to you from the hospital he said."
from was attacked i behind causing am injury and now i me talking to you from the hospital he said
i attacked from behind causing me now i am to you from the hospital he said
" i was attacked from buy behind, causing me injury and Mukhtar now i am talking to you from OTE#### the hospital he said. "
" i be attacked from behind, causing me injury and now i be talking to you from the hospital he said. "
2
I was attacked when I walked out of this Blues Bar on my way back to my hotel Mann told a press conference in London organised by the Fair Trials Abroad group.
i was attacked when i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to by hotel mann told a my conference in london press organised the fair trials abroad group
i was attacked when walked out this blues bar on way back to my hotel mann a press in organised by the fair trials abroad group
Wilson i was attacked when i walked out Purpose of this blues connecting bar on Fibre my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group.
ace was attacked when i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press league in london devise by the fair trials abroad group.
2
"I was hiding in the temple, I saw the airplane, I saw the bombs fall and suddenly I saw the fire around me, everywhere she says."
i was hiding in the temple i saw the airplane i saw she bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere the says
i was hiding in the temple i airplane i the bombs and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
" IRPAC i was Mark hiding in the temple, i saw the airplane, i saw the Steven bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me, By everywhere she says. "
" i be hiding in the temple, single saw the airplane, i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me, everywhere she says. "
2
I was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
i was the my office talking to one of my elderly he and in earthquake just started shaking everything clients said
was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he
i was in my girlfriend office talking to one of Fourmile my Eurodollar elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just now started shaking everything atomic number 2 said.
2
"I was involved in a situation, and I felt I was assaulted Brown said to the newspaper at training camp on Wednesday."
i was involved in a situation and camp felt i was the brown said to assaulted newspaper at training i on wednesday
i was involved in a situation and i felt i assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training on wednesday
" i was involved in a situation, and i felt PLUS i was assaulted brown said to the Asset newspaper Orbelian at training camp on wednesday. "
" i was involved in a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newsprint at training camp on wednesday. "
2
"I was not scared by yesterday's incident, but I do not like to live near a plant added 17-year Uros, again without giving his full name."
without was not scared by yesterdays incident but i his not like to live near a plant added 17 year uros again i giving do full name
i was not scared by i do not like to live a added year uros again without giving his full name
" i was not scared by yesterday ' Chief s incident, but i do not like to live BELLE near a plant added 17 - year uros, again without Dolby giving his full Kevin name. "
" i was not scared by yesterday ' s incident, simply i do not like to live dear a plant life added 17 - year uros, again without giving his full name. "
0
"I was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on NTV."
i a parking young car and heard an explosion turned around and saw fragments falling and was fire a my man on the street said on ntv
i was parking my car and heard an turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the said on
" i Satyaprakash was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young Reference man Saewyc on the street Oblate said on ntv. "
" i was parking my car and heard an blowup, turned around and witness fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv. "
2
"I was personally threatened and pressured said Ammar Dwaik, the commission's deputy chairman."
i was the threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik personally commissions deputy chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik the commissions deputy chairman
" i was Einarsdottir personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s deputy PLoS chairman. "
" i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik, the delegacy ' s deputy chair. "
2
I was raped and robbed Ms. Stump said.
i was raped said robbed ms stump and
i was raped and robbed ms stump said
midfielder i was raped and robbed ms. stump said.
i be raped and robbed ms. stump said.
2
I was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim Ong Poh Choo said.
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell my as both ong down legs were in pain victim of poh choo said
i was shocked to hear the fell down as of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said
i was shocked to Ramon hear the blast and fell shirtwaists down as both of my legs were in pain Inglett victim ong poh choo said.
i exist shocked to get wind the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said.
2
I was threatened by them he told the judge.
was i threatened by them he told the judge
i threatened by them he told the judge
i was threatened by them Baseball he told the judge.
i was threatened by them he told the judge.
2
"I wasn't beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was OK he said."
i wasnt the or threatened in beaten jail the atmosphere was ok he said
wasnt beaten or threatened in the jail the atmosphere was ok he said
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was Vantex ok thermo he said. "
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the slammer, the atmosphere was ok he say. "
0
"I wasn't prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, even if that meant I got hurt myself he said, adding:""I don't feel particularly brave."""
i wasnt prepared to see another particularly from my platoon get hurt even if that meant i got i myself he said adding hurt dont feel guy brave
i prepared to see another guy my platoon hurt even if that meant got hurt he said adding i dont feel brave
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, Techy even if that meant Xcellink i Avenida got Emerson hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' t upstreaming feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, still if that meant ane got ache myself he said, adding: " " i preceptor ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
2
"I, along with others, ran towards another room but I fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg Majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said."
i along with others ran towards another room but i fell down said saw blood and out of my leg majid oozing in the hospital in his school uniform lying
i along with others ran towards room but fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg lying in the hospital in his school uniform said
" i, Carsten along with others, ran towards another room but diarist i fell down and saw blood oozing out of Nicky my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his Taupe school uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said. "
2
If I do something wrong in shooting I'm not going to hurt myself she said.
if shooting do something wrong in i im not going to hurt myself she said
if i do something wrong in shooting im not going to hurt myself she said
if Mahindra i do something wrong in shooting i ' JOHN m not going to hurt myself she said.
if i serve something wrong in shooting i ' m not going to hurt myself she state.
0
I'm just glad I didn't fall down he said.
im just he i didnt fall down glad said
im just glad i didnt fall he said
IEEE i ' m Renault just glad i didn ' t fall down he said.
i ' thou precisely glad i didn ' t fall down he said.
0
I'm just glad I didn't hurt myself Heinz said of his somersault.
im just glad his didnt hurt myself heinz said of i somersault
im just glad i didnt hurt heinz said of his somersault
i ' m FSTV just glad i didn ' t hurt myself heinz Honda said of his somersault.
i ' m just glad i didn ' t hurt myself henry john heinz said of his somersault.
0
In the past I have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ANSA quoted Ciancio Sanfilippo as saying.
in the past i have received extortion threats which as been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo have saying
in the past i have extortion which have been regularly reported quoted ciancio sanfilippo saying
Arunima in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo Fayetteville as saying.
in the past i have received extortion threats which experience be regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
2
It was extortion but what could I do said Inshassi.
what was extortion but it could i do said inshassi
it was extortion but what could i do said inshassi
it ASSOCIATION was extortion Chikwinya but what could i do said inshassi.
it was extortion but what could i do said inshassi.
2
Last year I crashed in the GS and hurt myself Goetschl said.
last year in crashed i the gs and hurt myself goetschl said
last i crashed in the gs hurt myself goetschl said
last OTE year i crashed in the gs and Abhishek hurt myself goetschl said.
final twelvemonth i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl said.
2
"Never would I imagine there would be a tornado said the Rev. David Aja-Sigmon, pastor of the Fourth Avenue Presbyterian Church in Bay Ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window."
never would i imagine there would be a swept said the rev david aja sigmon pastor the the fourth remnants presbyterian church in bay ridge as he tornado up the avenue of of window
would i imagine would be a tornado the rev david aja sigmon pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian in bay as he swept up remnants of the window
" human never would i imagine there would #-###-FETCHME be Leonardo a tornado said the rev. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth Leon avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
" never would i imagine there would exist a tornado say the rev. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in alcove ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
2
One evening I was attacked on the ramparts of Saint Malo and left for dead he said.
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint said and left for dead he malo
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and dead he said
one Airstream evening i was Daniel attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said.
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said.
2
"One time I cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter-of-factly, recalling a gash to her foot from broken glass."
one spurted i cut myself and adds veins time she the matter of factly recalling a gash to her foot from broken glass
one time i cut and the veins spurted she adds of factly recalling a gash to foot from broken glass
" one time i Black cut myself and the Marc veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, edit recalling a gash to her foot from broken glass. "
" one time i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, withdraw a gash to her foot from low glass. "
2
"Since I was working in an office, I didn't feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said."
since i was working in an office i didnt he threatened even when mortars were fired feel said
i working in an office i didnt feel threatened even when mortars were he said
" lemon since i was working in an office, i David didn ' inform t feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said. "
" since i was ferment in an office, i didn ' t feel threatened even when mortars exist fired he said. "
0
The idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder said it is better here or going back she whether
the idea of persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether is better here or going back she said
the idea Nordmeyer of military Ravi persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes work me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
2
The truth is that I hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding Radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
the truth is that i a myself in hurt a while snowboarding radmanovic said in fall statement issued by the team
the truth is that i hurt myself fall while snowboarding radmanovic in a statement issued by the team
the truth is that i NAIAS hurt myself McObject in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said Harig in a statement issued by the team.
the truth is that i anguish myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
2
Then I fell down and found myself in the hospital when I opened my eyes he said.
then i fell down and found myself in hospital the when i opened my eyes he said
i down and found myself in the hospital when i eyes he said
then Biggest i fell down Austen and found myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said.
then i fell down and witness myself in the hospital when i opened my eye he said.
2
Then I felt something hot go through my flesh and I fell down said Alice Mbiviu.
then i felt something i go through my flesh and hot fell down said alice mbiviu
then i felt something go through my flesh and i fell down said mbiviu
then i felt something hot go through my flesh and Barry i fell Guapa down said alice mbiviu.
then i feel something hot go through my flesh and i fell downwards said alice mbiviu.
2
"Then, suddenly the flood ended and I was in another city said Guldstrand, who found the boy at a Buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter."
then suddenly the flood ended and i was guldstrand another city said in who where the boy at a buddhist temple found survivors sought shelter
then suddenly the ended and i was another city said guldstrand who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter
" Gheorghe then, suddenly the flood ended and i was Kokanovic in another city said guldstrand, who found the Dr. boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i be in another city said guldstrand, who feel the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
2
"There are places that I don't even go anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said Salif, a Burkinabe Muslim from Abidjan's west."
there are places that i dont even go anymore for fear of being beaten or burkinabe by the security forces said abidjans a racketeered muslim from salif west
there are places that i dont even go anymore for fear of being or racketeered the forces said a burkinabe muslim from abidjans west
" there Tinggal are places that i don ' t even go yr anymore, Rakesh for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from Sadrist abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that i don ' t even go anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif, a burkinabe moslem from abidjan ' s west. "
2
"This morning I burned myself on some wire says Ramos' son William, a 7-year-old."
this morning i burned myself a some wire says ramos son william on 7 year old
this morning i burned myself some wire says ramos son william 7 year old
" this morning i burned myself on some wire Britt says antihistamine ramos ' son william, Herald a 7 - year - old. "
" this good morning single burned myself on some wire says ramos ' word william, a 7 - year - old. "
2
This was the first time I've experienced a physical assault Vilks said.
was this the first time ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
this was the first time ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
this was the first time GMA7 i ' ve experienced Aldoboni a physical assault vilks said.
this was the first fourth dimension i ' ve live a physical assault vilks said.
2
What I fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what will fear most is that of bought the piranhas i release them into natural waterways for fear whoever arrest he was quoted as saying
most is whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted
what i fear Deconstructing most is that whoever bought the piranhas will ELECTS release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as Sarabjot saying.
what i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
2
"When I first got to the jail, I just about tried to hurt myself because I was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer he said."
when about first got to the jail i just i tried to hurt myself because i serial so despondent about being labeled a was killer he said
when i got to the jail i just about tried to hurt myself because i was despondent about being a serial killer he said
" when i first got developer to the jail, i just about Yoshitha tried to hurt myself because i Dr. was so despondent about being Foxy labeled a serial killer he said. "
" when i first bring forth to the jail, i just about tried to bruise myself because i be so despondent about being labeled a serial killer he said. "
2
"When I heard the rumble of the flood, all the time I had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful Erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic."
higher i heard the rumble of able flood run the time i had was to jump out the window and all to when ground said a found erdelyi still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been the rabbit save a family to and that her cat was tearful wet and shivering in the attic
i heard rumble of flood all time had was to jump out window and run to higher said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and her cat was found and shivering in the attic
" when i heard the conjugate rumble of the ected flood, all the time i Linebacker had was Cukar to jump out the window and run Marowa to higher ground said a Sup tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in Draegerwerk the attic. "
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, all the time single had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a dolourous erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
2
"You know I have previously been assaulted to near death Anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago."
you know i have previously been assaulted being near death anwar he referring to a beating said received after to arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago
you know i previously been assaulted to near anwar said referring a beating he after arrested on sex and corruption charges a ago
" you know i Raamdeo have previously been TRISH assaulted to whitecollar near death anwar said, referring to AdAware a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
" you know i have previously been assaulted to near dying anwar said, bring up to a lacing he received after being arrested on sex and corruption bearing a decade ago. "
2
"A few friends of mine and I, we seized three assault tanks."
a few friends of mine and tanks we seized three assault i
a few friends of mine and i we seized three assault tanks
" a few Pardeli friends of mine St. and i, we seized three assault tanks. "
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized three assault tanks. "
2
"And I also have been attacked, there were six people, skinheads. "
and i also six been attacked there were have people skinheads
i also have attacked there were six people skinheads
" and i also have been attacked, there Epson were six 5g people, skinheads. "
" and ace also have been attacked, there were six people, bootboys. "
2
"Another woman told AFP:""I was raped together with my two daughters."""
woman another told afp i was raped together with my two daughters
another woman told afp i was raped together with my two daughters
" another woman Ulm told Renner afp: " " i was raped together with my two daughters. " " "
" another womanhood told afp: " " i was raped together with my 2 daughters. " " "
2
"As I was sitting in the back of a Land Rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed."
rover i was sitting in the back of a land as it was the if of not knowing not knowing idea we were going to be shot or ambushed
as i sitting in the back of a land rover it was the idea of not if we were going to be shot or ambushed
" as i was Ohls sitting Balik in the back of a land rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were Sikkim going MIU to be shot or ambushed. "
" as i was sit down in the back of a land rover, it was the musical theme of not knowing: not know if we were going to be shot surgery ambushed. "
2
"At the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if I troubled them in any way."
kidnapped the beginning when they at me they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way
at the beginning when they kidnapped me they to kill me if i troubled them in any way
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, Capt. they OF threatened to Prescolite kill me if i troubled them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill maine if i troubled them in any way. "
2
"Being young and sometimes immature, I initially panicked and made up a false story about how I hurt myself. "
being young and sometimes immature i and panicked initially made up a false story about how i hurt myself
being young and sometimes immature i initially panicked and made up a false story about how i hurt myself
" being young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked Abu and Kirk made up a false story about how Boss i hurt myself. "
" embody young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made up a false story about how i hurt myself. "
2
But I am now a dad who can't take his kids to a football game on a Saturday because I am advised that we would be assaulted.
but i am now a dad who cant take am kids to a be game on a saturday because i his advised that we would football assaulted
but i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a football a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted
cellulite but i am now a dad who can ' t take his kids to Wang a football game on Jinny a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted.
merely i am now a dad who can ' t take his kids to a football game on a saturday because single am advised that we would be assaulted.
2
"But I can be raped more easily when I sleep out on the road said Dhua's wife Janatika, covering her arms with threadbare old clothes."
but dhuas can be raped i easily when i sleep out on the road said more wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
but i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
" but i can MENOPUR be raped more McHale easily when i sleep out on the road said dhua ' s Nollaig wife janatika, covering Mamiya her arms with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can be raped more easily when 1 sleep proscribed on the road said dhua ' s wife janatika, traverse her arms with threadbare old clothes. "
1
But I did not hurt myself.
but i did hurt not myself
but i did not
Hedelius but i did not hurt myself.
but i practice not hurt myself.
0
But I haven't got into an accident.
an i havent got into but accident
but i havent got into an
but i haven ' t got RICK into an accident.
merely i haven ' t got into an accident.
0
But the flood waters demolished the house and I fell into the water.
but the flood waters house the demolished and i fell into the water
but the flood waters demolished the house i fell into the water
but the flood waters demolished reliever the house Sequent and i fell into the water.
but the flood tide waters demolished the star sign and i fell into the water.
2
But the Santa Anas kicked up and I was surrounded by fire.
and the santa anas kicked up but i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up and Inc. i Morion was surrounded by fire.
but the santa ana kicked up and i was surrounded by fire.
2
"But when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, Cellini said:""All I could see was fire."""
but when they approached the gully where dug plane had the in cellini was all i could see said fire
but when they approached the gully where the plane dug in cellini said all i could see was fire
" but when they approached Cichon the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini Yarra said: " " all i could see sabzi was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini said: " " all i could see was fire. " " "
2
"Even though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone else, I don't feel unsafe."
even though there are so many feel all around bumping into everyone else i dont people unsafe
even though are so many all around bumping into everyone i dont feel
" even though there are so many people all around bumping into Michael everyone DeYor else, i FightTicker.com don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even though there are so many citizenry all around bumping into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
0
"For the last several weeks, I have been attacked. "
for attacked last several weeks i have been the
for the last several weeks i have been attacked
" for the Visit last several weeks, TRACKING i have been attacked. "
" for the last several weeks, i have embody attacked. "
2
"Frankly, I have a fear of bomb blasts and I will celebrate this day by sitting in front of TV with my family. "
frankly i have a fear of bomb blasts and i with celebrate will day by sitting in front of tv this my family
frankly i have a fear of bomb blasts and celebrate this day by sitting in of tv with family
" refire frankly, i have a fear of bomb blasts and Chancellorsville i will celebrate this day by sitting in front of terminally tv with my family. "
" frankly, i have a veneration of bomb blasts and i will celebrate this day by sitting in front of tv with my kinsfolk. "
2
"Hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said ""I have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment."" "
hirtzberger collapsed after eating the said and chocolate i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger after eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
" hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said " " i have been poisoned Firoz before being helicoptered to bedstead hospital Diane for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said " " i have been poison before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
2
I accidentally fell down a flight of stairs.
i stairs fell down a flight of accidentally
accidentally fell down a flight of stairs
i accidentally Camels fell down a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell down a flight of stairs.
2
"I almost fell down a couple of times, I had no power but I was fighting. "
i almost fell down a couple of times i had no power i but was fighting
i almost fell down a couple of times i had no power but i was fighting
" i almost fell down a couple of times, Fully i had no power but Daraa i was fighting. "
" iodine almost fell down a couple of times, i had no power but i be fighting. "
2
I am still in shock from the constant fear of death.
i am still shock in from the constant fear of death
i still in shock from the constant fear of
i am still in shock from IN the constant fear of mellower death.
1 am withal in shock from the constant fear of death.
2
I believe so because I was shot from less than 20 metres.
i believe so because i was shot from less than 20 metres
i believe so because i was from less than 20 metres
CrossFire i believe so because i was shot from Daringibadi less than 20 metres.
i believe so because i was shot from less than 20 meter.
2
I came out with many others but I was attacked outside with a machete.
many came out with i others but i was attacked outside with a machete
i came out with many others but was attacked with a machete
i came out with sixtieth many others but i was attacked outside surgical with a machete.
i came out with many others but i was attacked outside with a machete.
2
"I can't understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
i cant my how in understand own state which we were fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
cant understand how in my own state we were fighting for we attacked by fellow
" i can ' t www.pinkotc.com understand how, in my Margaret own state, which we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow Shd citizens. "
" i can ' t understand how, in my own state, which we be fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
2
"I couldn't hear anything, but I just know it was a tornado."
i couldnt hear anything was i just know it but a tornado
i couldnt hear anything but i just know it was a tornado
" i couldn ' squirrel t Rockmart hear anything, but i just know it was a tornado. "
" i couldn ' t hear anything, but i just know information technology was a tornado. "
2
"I did not hurt myself at all, but looking back I realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
i did not back myself at all but looking hurt i realized how an serious accident it could have been
i did not hurt myself at all looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have
" i did not Sidney hurt myself at all, but looking back i PINOCHLE realized how serious an accident it could have Robberson been. "
" i did not hurt myself at all, simply looking backwards i realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
0
"I did not lose my home, and my husband and child are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes."
i did not the my home and my husband and child another safe still we are but traumatized by lose tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case are one comes
i did not lose my home and my husband and child are safe but we still traumatized by the tsunami too afraid to return home in case another one comes
" N8 i did not lose my home, and my husband and child are safe, but we Copacabana are still NEW traumatized by the What's tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and child are dependable, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one do. "
2
I didn't hurt myself in the college series.
hurt didnt i myself in the college series
i hurt myself in the college series
Patty i didn ' t hurt myself in Francois the college series.
i didn ' metric ton hurt myself in the college series.
0
I didn't hurt myself too bad.
i didnt hurt bad too myself
i didnt hurt myself bad
aned i didn ' t hurt myself too bad.
i didn ' t anguish myself too bad.
0
I don't remember being shot in the legs but I assume that was why I fell down.
down dont remember being shot in the legs but i assume that was why i fell i
i dont remember being shot in the but i that was i fell down
i don ' t remember being shot Wild in the legs but Trade i assume that was why i fell down.
i don ' thymine retrieve being shot in the legs but i assume that was why i fell down.
2
I feared for my safety at the TCP  traffic control point.
safety feared for my i at the tcp traffic control point
i feared for my safety at the tcp traffic control point
i Weichert feared for my TradeWinds safety at the tcp traffic control point.
i feared for my safety device at the transmission control protocol traffic control point.
2
I feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am to likely more have an accident
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely have an accident
i feel Franklin drowsy while Brian riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
one feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
1
"I fell down and from then on, I couldn't remember anything. "
i from down and fell then on i couldnt remember anything
fell down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
" i fell down and from then on, i Jyve couldn ' t remember Kristopher anything. "
" i fell downwards and from then on, i couldn ' t remember anything. "
2
I fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fell and down repeatedly cried for mercy
i fell down repeatedly cried for mercy
i fell down and repeatedly Chlamydia cried for mercy.
i fell down and repeatedly scream for mercy.
2
I fell down and when I got up I saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell i and when down got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife trampled by 50 people maybe
i fell down and when Milk i got up oxcarbazepine i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i settle down and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
2
I fell down thought I had hurt my knee and was a bit scared.
i fell down thought i had hurt my knee and was bit a scared
i fell down thought i had hurt my knee and was a scared
i fell down thought i had hurt my knee OSV and was a bit Desperate scared.
iodine fell down thought i had hurt my genu and was a bit scared.
2
"I fell down while bowling on Wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting."
i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back when need the whole you to body perfect you be bowl while it is different when you are batting
i fell down bowling wednesday and that hurt my back you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting
" i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back, nga you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while AND it is Chadds different when you are #.#.#b# batting. "
" i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole physical structure to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
2
I felt a shock and fell down.
fell felt a shock and i down
i felt a shock and fell down
i felt a shock and fell Minister down.
1 felt a shock and fell down.
2
"I felt the air rushing through the house, and I thought it was a hurricane or a tornado."
i felt the air rushing through the was and i thought it house a hurricane or a tornado
felt the air rushing through the house and i thought was a or a tornado
" i felt the frigate air rushing through the house, and Desarollo i Polly thought it was a hurricane or a tornado. "
" i felt up the air rushing through the house, and i thought information technology was a hurricane operating room a tornado. "
2
I got on the inside ski and I fell down.
fell got on the inside ski and i i down
i got on the inside ski and i fell down
i got on Artepharm the inside ski Olivier and i fell down.
unity got on the inside ski and i fell downwards.
2
I got on the inside ski and I fell down.
i got on the inside ski down i fell and
i got on the inside ski and i fell down
SARA i got on the inside ski and Darryn i fell down.
i got on the inside ski and atomic number 53 fell down.
2
I had no fear of skiing off the piste.
no had i fear of skiing off the piste
i had no fear of skiing off the piste
i had no fear of skiing off the YONGBYON piste.
i had no fear of skiing off the piste.
0
I have been attacked 70 or 80 times.
i have been 80 70 or attacked times
i been attacked 70 or 80 times
i have been attacked 70 or Tantarelli 80 times.
i have been attacked lxx or 80 times.
2
I hurt myself a lot today so we'll see if I recover in time for the Tour Down Under.
i hurt myself a lot well so today see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself a lot today so well see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself Butale a lot Konyves today so we ' ll see if i Bryan recover in time for the tour down under.
i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll see if i recover in clip for the tour down under.
2
I jumped onto the track but I was afraid I would hurt myself.
i i onto the track but i was afraid jumped would hurt myself
jumped onto the track but i afraid i would hurt myself
i jumped onto Ovarense the DSPD track but i was afraid i would hurt myself.
i jumped onto the track merely i be afraid i would hurt myself.
1
I knew it was a robbery.
i knew it a was robbery
i knew it was a robbery
i Michael knew it was a robbery.
i knew information technology was a robbery.
2
I knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew it was tornado a or something
i knew it a tornado or something
i knew WEBSTER it was a tornado or something.
i knew it was a tornado or something.
2
"I left because of the explosions and because I was threatened, simply because I'm a Shiite."
i left because of the explosions i because and was threatened simply because im a shiite
i left of the explosions and because i was threatened simply because a shiite
" i left because of the explosions and because 4TROOPS i Automotive was threatened, simply because i ' View m a shiite. "
" 1 left because of the explosions and because i was threatened, simply because i ' m a shiite. "
2
"I may not think about the theft when I wake up in the morning, but when I go to bed, it is on my mind. "
i may not think about the theft the i is up in when morning but when i go to bed it wake on my mind
i may not think about the when i wake up in the morning but when i go to bed it is on my mind
" i may Scripture not Mike think about the theft Dusan when i wake up in the morning, but when i go to bed, it is on my mind. "
" i may not think about the theft when iodin wake up in the morning, but when i go to layer, it is on my mind. "
2
I recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
i recognized what was feeling and had a happening there was going to be a tsunami
recognized what was happening had a feeling was going to be a tsunami
i recognized what look was happening and had a feeling there prostitute was going to be a tsunami.
1 recognized what was happening and get a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
2
I remember a snowstorm Monday morning so we couldn't get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we a get out couldnt comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at went and dinner long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldnt a comedian whose name escapes who appeared dinner and went long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian Charles whose DiaTri name escapes me who Kalvin appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appear at dinner party and die long.
2
I think I scraped my tummy.
i think i scraped tummy my
think i my tummy
i think i scraped Battling my tummy.
i believe i scraped my tummy.
2
I thought it was a tornado and that I wasn't going to live.
i thought it was i tornado and that a wasnt going to live
i thought it was tornado and i going to live
i thought it was a Michael tornado and Marshall that i wasn ' t going to live.
i think information technology was a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to live.
2
I took one swipe and connected fairly well and didn't fall down.
i took one fall and connected fairly well and didnt swipe down
took one swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe Frost and connected fairly well and didn ' relativement t fall down.
i took one swipe and connect fairly well and didn ' t fall down.
2
"I tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late. "
i tried to get my father too but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to it away or else get would be out late
i tried to get my father out but erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late
" i tried to get my father sousaphone out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to Brett get away or else it would Mayor be too late. "
" i tried to get my father out, but a flack erupted nearby and everyone recite me to flummox away or else it would be too late. "
2
I tried to run away but I fell down and they kicked me again.
tried i to run away but i fell down and they kicked me again
i to run away but i fell down and they kicked me
i tried to run away but i Gosa fell down and they kicked Navfor me again.
i tried to pass away but i fell downwardly and they kicked me again.
2
"I turned around and asked them to stop it, but they told me this was a robbery."
i turned around and asked them it stop to but they told me this was a robbery
i turned around and asked them to stop it but they told me this was a robbery
" i turned around Subsidiary and asked analyst them to stop it, but they told me this Chief was a robbery. "
" i turned around and asked them to stop information technology, but they told me this was a looting. "
2
"I was assaulted twice, and staff were assaulted numerous times."
i was staff twice and assaulted were assaulted numerous times
was assaulted twice and were assaulted numerous times
" i was assaulted Spain twice, and Jeroen staff were assaulted numerous times. "
" i was assaulted doubly, and staff were assaulted numerous time. "
2
I was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun.
i was and convicted sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun
i was convicted and Dirty sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault Basking gun.
one was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an violation gun.
2
I was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult Golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i the in a car accident last past and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly month was security gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car last month and my is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car accident last Ronnie month and my arthritis is difficult golden interview said as she walked Bhanuka slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a baby walker.
2
I was in a number of car accidents before.
i was in a car of number accidents before
i in a of car accidents before
i was in Khamis a number of car accidents before.
i was in a number of car accident before.
2
I was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the kind my boy of mother would have wanted me to marry
i was raped by the kind of boy mother would have wanted me to marry
i was raped Hazelden by the kind of boy my Retirement mother would have wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry.
2
I was robbed a few times and my shop was fired it.
i was robbed a fired times and my shop was few it
was robbed times and my shop was fired it
i was robbed a few times and my unethical shop Riwai was fired it.
i was robbed a few times and my shop be fired it.
2
I was running with fire behind me.
with was running i fire behind me
i was running with fire behind me
i HIS was running with fire behind me.
i was running with fire behind maine.
2
"I was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drowning."
of was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear i drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead JUNGLE bodies Action and the fear of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of overwhelm. "
2
I was threatened a year back and since then I have stopped working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a driving back and since then i have stopped working and stopped year
i was threatened a year back since then i have stopped working and stopped driving
i was threatened a year back and since then i airdropping have stopped autoimmune working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stop working and stopped driving.
2
I was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
i was threatened and attempts were there to force me to cooperate
i was threatened and there attempts to force me to cooperate
i was threatened FS2Crew and there were attempts to force baseman me to cooperate.
i was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
2
I was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the at bunch least than 3km from the final
i was trapped in the that took place the bunch at least than the final
i was trapped in the crash that took place in Darolyn the bunch at least than anagen 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the crash that took piazza in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
2
"I was worried I was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so I changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip, too good of a grip. "
i was worried i was gonna and and fall trip hurt they so i changed to tennis shoes and myself got a lot better of too good grip a grip
i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so changed to tennis and they a lot better too good a grip
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall Eastman and hurt myself, DIVA so i changed to tennis shoes detainers and they got a lot better grip, too good of SFX a grip. "
" i be worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so i changed to tennis shoes and they vex a lot better grip, too good of a traction. "
1
"If I'd been alone I would have been attacked, too."
if id been alone been would have i attacked too
if id been alone i would been attacked too
" Sambhar if i ' d been alone i would have Michael been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d been alone i would have been attacked, to a fault. "
1
"I'm not driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
im not an so much so my likelihood of driving accident is lower
im driving so much so my likelihood of accident is lower
" i ' zebras m not driving so much, so my likelihood of an Staikos accident is lower. "
" ace ' m not driving so much, so my likeliness of an accident is lower. "
1
"In a whisper she said:""When the landslide happened I just ran and ran."""
in a whisper she said when the landslide happened and just ran i ran
in a whisper she said when the landslide happened i just ran and ran
" in a whisper she said: " " when Assous the landslide happened i brownish just Arranges ran and ran. " " "
" in a susurration she said: " " when the landslip happened i exactly ran and ran. " " "
2
In Baghdad I was threatened because I was a Christian.
in baghdad because was threatened i i was a christian
in baghdad i was because i was a christian
in sodium baghdad i Exclusive was threatened because i was a christian.
in baghdad i be threatened because i was a christian.
2
In my first match I fell down and then I hit a backhand a little bit too late and I felt some pain.
in backhand then match i fell down and first i hit a my a little bit too late and i felt some pain
in my first match i fell down and then a backhand a little bit late and i felt some pain
in my first match i vagabond fell down and then i hit a backhand a little bit too late Jason and i Carmina felt some pain.
in my first match i fell down and so i hit a backhand a picayune bit too late and i felt some pain.
2
It is good that I didn't hurt myself but I damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
it is be that i didnt not myself but i damaged it enough to hurt good able to test the next day
it is good i hurt but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day
it is Ricky good that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it Sonoro enough Perdigão to not be able to test the next day.
it comprise good that ane didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
0
I've been raped.
been ive raped
ive been raped
i ' ve been Hortensio raped.
i ' ve been knock.
2
"I've gotten in car accidents, not paying attention to the road."
ive gotten in car not accidents paying attention to the road
ive gotten in car accidents not paying to the road
" i ' ve atop gotten in car accidents, not paying attention Wynston to the road. "
" i ' ve acquire in car accidents, not paying attention to the route. "
2
"I've had no accidents, no claims, no nothing."
nothing had no accidents no claims no ive
ive had no accidents no claims no nothing
" i ' ve had no SpectraLink accidents, no claims, no Kudva nothing. "
" i ' ve had no accidents, no claim, no cipher. "
0
"Luckily, I didn't hurt myself and I will try to get a good night's sleep and hopefully I'll be much better tomorrow."
luckily i didnt hurt myself and i will try to get nights good a sleep much hopefully ill be and better tomorrow
luckily i didnt hurt myself and i will try to get a good nights sleep and hopefully ill be much tomorrow
" Remuneration luckily, i didn ' Focke t hurt myself and i Zurab will Electric try to get a good night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
" as luck would have it, i didn ' t hurt myself and i will strain to get a good night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
0
My family members and I were physically assaulted.
my family members physically i were and assaulted
my family members and i were physically assaulted
Dart my family members and i were physically assaulted.
my family members and i were physically assaulted.
2
"Now that I'm here in Kenya, I can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
now that im here in kenya i can live of the fear without my children being killed
now that im here in kenya i can live the fear of my children being
" now that papillon i ' Dentro m here in kenya, Nanowerk i can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
" now that i ' m here in kenya, single can dwell without the fear of my youngster being killed. "
0
"O""h OK, I got raped when I was 12 years old"" she said."
o old ok i got raped when i was 12 years h she said
o h i got raped when i was years old she said
" o " " h ok, i got Canley raped when Daniel i was 12 years old " " she Man said. "
" o " " h ok, atomic number 53 get raped when i was 12 years old " " she aver. "
2
One day I went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
one day i went with on brother on a bicycle my and sand and had a little accident the scratched my leg
one day i with my brother on bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg
one day i went with K my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and PRESS scratched my Agent leg.
single day i went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
2
"One morning, as his mother waited for him to open his books, Briac told her:""I'm late because there was a snowstorm."" "
one morning as told mother waited for him to open his books his briac her im late because there was a snowstorm
one morning as his mother waited for him to open his books briac her im late because there was a snowstorm
" one morning, TDSC as his mother waited for him to open his books, briac Joel told Maj. her: " " i ' m Pitti late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
" one dayspring, as his mother waited for him to open his quran, briac told her: " " i ' m late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
2
Sadly I slipped and fell down.
and i slipped sadly fell down
i slipped and fell down
sadly i slipped and BASIC fell down.
sadly iodine slipped and fell down.
2
Some weeks I pay more in extortion than what I earn.
some weeks i i more in extortion than what pay earn
some weeks i pay in extortion than what i
some weeks i pay more Dumbest in extortion than what i KUK earn.
some weeks i pay to a greater extent in extortion than what i earn.
2
"That accident left me in shock, but I kept going,'Guevara said to a group of first-time migrants, listening intently."
that accident left i in shock but me kept going guevara said of a group to first time migrants listening intently
that accident left me in shock but kept going guevara said to a group of first time migrants listening intently
" that accident left me CDMA in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said reelections to a group of first - time Weideman migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident left me in shock, but one hold back going, ' guevara said to a group of first - time migrants, listening intently. "
2
That was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and I fell down.
that was body truncheon blows rained down on my whole when and i fell down
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my body and i fell down
that was when Wenneman truncheon author blows rained down on my whole body and i fell down.
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and iodin fell downwards.
2
"The day after the theft, I alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the world."
the day after the authorities i alerted theft to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the world
the day after the theft i authorities to make sure pictures of were released all over the world
" Alicia the day after the theft, i alerted authorities Roland to make sure hawkish pictures of the paintings were released all over the world. "
" the day after the stealing, i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the earth. "
2
"The fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that I though there was an earthquake, so I ran without putting my shoes on said Kim Yong-Jae, a 42-year-old shop owner in the area."
the fire spread so fast after the first explosion that said though there was an earthquake so i ran without shoes my putting on i kim yong jae shop 42 year old a owner in the area
the fire spread so fast after the first explosion that i though there was an earthquake so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong jae a 42 year old shop in the area
" the fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that i though there was an earthquake, so i ran without putting my Jewelry shoes on said kim yong - miner jae, lifts a 42 - Penasquito year - old shop owner in chimere the area. "
" the fire spreading so fast after the first plosion, that i though there was an earthquake, so i ran without putting my horseshoe on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - class - old shop owner in the area. "
2
The truth is I hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
the truth is i hurt myself in snowboarding fall while a
the truth is i hurt myself in a fall while
the truth tick is i Jason hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
the truth is i ache myself in a fall while snowboarding.
2
Then I was threatened with the murder of my six-year-old son.
then i six threatened with the murder of my was year old son
then i was threatened with the murder of my six year old
then i was threatened with VimpelCom the murder of my Schoofs six - year - old son.
then i was threatened with the murder of my six - year - previous son.
2
"Then, when I was barely 18 and away at college, I was assaulted again, this time by someone I hardly knew and without my consent."
then by i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again this time when someone i hardly knew and without my consent
then when i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again this time by i knew and without my consent
" inmate then, when i was barely 18 and away at college, i was Tagalogs assaulted again, footman this time by someone i PASS hardly knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was hardly 18 and away at college, i was assaulted over again, this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent. "
2
"Though the explosion happened in the next compartment, I fell down on its impact."
though the explosion its in the next compartment i fell down on happened impact
though the explosion happened in the compartment i fell down on its impact
" though the explosion KELLER happened BY in the next compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the blowup happened in the next compartment, one fell down on its impact. "
2
"Though the explosion happened in the next compartment, I fell down on its impact."
though explosion the happened in the next compartment i fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment fell down on its impact
" though Bullhead the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell down on ParkWhiz its impact. "
" though the explosion find in the next compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
2
Today I fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but I try to stay focused on my tennis.
painful i fell down again on it and to was getting today a bit but i try it stay focused on my tennis
today i fell down again on it and it was painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my
today i fell down again on it and it Filing was getting painful a Debiopharm bit but i try to stay focused Exhilarating on my tennis.
today i fell down once more on it and it be getting painful a bit but i try to stay focused on my lawn tennis.
2
"What can I say, Larry? I had an accident. "
what can i larry say i had an accident
what can i say larry i an accident
" what can i say, larry? i ANAHEIM had DeLaveaga an accident. "
" what can i aver, larry? iodine had an accident. "
2
"When I realized that it was an earthquake, it was too late to run off."
off i realized that it was an earthquake it was too late to run when
when i realized that it was earthquake too late to run off
" when CitiStat i realized that it was an earthquake, it was Azuma too late to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an earthquake, information technology was too late to run off. "
2
"When I was assaulted, I was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
when i was assaulted school was 13 and wearing a i uniform
when i was assaulted i was 13 and wearing a school uniform
" when i was roasted assaulted, i Chocachatti was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was 13 and weary a school uniform. "
2
"While I was passing through a Guptanagar  a communally volatile area, I was attacked by a mob."
while i through passing was a guptanagar a communally volatile area i was attacked by a mob
while i was passing a guptanagar a communally volatile area i was attacked by a mob
" Silverlands while i was passing through Jesse a guptanagar a communally volatile area, killer i was attacked by a mob. "
" while i was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile area, single was attacked by a ring. "
2
