"All we do is go to banquets all the time says Russell Smith, one of 'Juno's'producers."
all we go is do to banquets all the time says russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do the go to banquets all is time says russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do to banquets all the time russell smith one of junosproducers
all we do is go to banquets all says russell smith of junosproducers
" scrawling all we do Linebacker is go to banquets all the time says russell smith, one Euxton of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we severing do hotel is go to banquets all the time says annual russell smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we do is go to banquet all the time says russell bessie smith, one of ' juno ' s ' producers. "
" all we perform cost go to banquets all the time says russell smith, one of ' juno ' sulfur ' producers. "
0
Choosing to undergo open heart surgery when I never felt sick was the hardest decision I've ever made Schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart surgery the i never felt sick was when hardest ive decision ever made schwarzenegger said
the to undergo ive heart surgery when i never felt sick was choosing hardest decision open ever made schwarzenegger said
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision ive ever made schwarzenegger said
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was hardest decision ive ever made schwarzenegger said
hander choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision CNFR i ' Matthias ve ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to Animal undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest AMEX decision i ' ve Awwal ever made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never felt sick was the hardest decision i ' ve e'er made schwarzenegger said.
choosing to undergo open heart surgery when i never sense sick was the hardest decision i ' ve ever lay down schwarzenegger said.
2
"Either we're going to have a big barbecue or we're going to be OK said Dick Albrecht, a former CBS-TV producer who moved to Jackson Hole from Los Angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes."
to now going to have a big barbecue or were going to be from said dick albrecht a former cbs tv producer who moved either jackson hole ok los angeles in the 1970s and were designs homes
los were going to have a tv barbecue or were going to be ok a dick albrecht said former cbs big producer who moved to jackson hole from either angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes
either were to have a big barbecue or were going to be albrecht a former cbs tv who moved to jackson hole from los angeles the 1970s and now designs homes
either were going to have a big barbecue or were going to be ok said dick albrecht a cbs tv producer who moved to jackson hole los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes
" either we ' re going to have a big barbecue or we ' re melodies going to be Wormser ok said INTEREST dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who moved to jackson hole ARL from los angeles in Danielle the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' re going to have a big barbecue genericization or C. we ' re going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former FRAN cbs - tv producer Shattock who moved to jackson hole from Active los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' ra going to possess a big barbecue or we ' atomic number 75 going to be ok said dick albrecht, a former cbs - tv producer who go to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes. "
" either we ' re survive to have a big barbecue or we ' ray going to be ok said dick albrecht, a quondam cbs - tv producer who moved to jackson hole from los angeles in the 1970s and now designs homes. "
1
"For health reasons, I need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before I can meet with everyone Wei said in a statement."
for health reasons i need to undergo and tests and treatment medical rest for a before days few i can meet with everyone wei said in a statement
for health reasons i need to undergo days tests and treatment and rest for said few medical before i can meet with everyone wei a in a statement
for health reasons i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for few before i can meet with everyone wei in a statement
for health reasons i need undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few before i can meet with everyone wei statement
" for delis health reasons, i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and Nakhoda rest for a few days before Prana i can meet with everyone wei Sizomu said in a statement. "
" for PowerRating health reasons, i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for brazen a Col. few days before i can meet with everyone wei said in Ceann a statement. "
" for health reasons, i need to undergo medical tests and treatment and rest for a few days before i can meet with everyone wei say in a statement. "
" for health reasons, single need to undergo medical test and treatment and rest for a few days before i can meet with everyone wei said in a statement. "
2
"I am going to be at the concert here, and in one other location about which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference."
and am going to be at the concert here i in one other a about which you will have to learn more information later he told location news conference
i am going to be at the more here and in one other location he which you will have to learn concert information later about told a news conference
i am going to the concert here and in one other location about you will have to learn more information later told news conference
i am going to be at the concert here and in one other location about which will have to learn more information later he told a news conference
" i am going Al to be at the concert here, and in one other location about which Randgold you will have to learn more information later Growthink he told Univention a news conference. "
" i am going CTS#### to be at Dorwin the concert here, and in Tatsunori one other location about which you will have to ordered learn more information later he told a news conference. "
" i am going to comprise at the concert here, and in one other location about which you will have to learn more information later helium told a news group discussion. "
" i be go to be at the concert here, and in one other placement about which you will have to learn more information later he told a news conference. "
1
"I am really excited about the concert, but I care more about the music to be honest said Rachel Davis, 26, a civil servant from North Wales who traveled to London the previous night with her boyfriend."
i am really excited about the concert a i care more rachel the music to be honest said about davis 26 but civil servant from north wales previous traveled to london the who night with her boyfriend
i am really excited about the concert but i care more about previous music to be honest said davis rachel 26 a civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the the night with her boyfriend
i am really excited the but i care more the music to be honest said rachel davis a civil servant from north wales to london the previous night with her boyfriend
i am really excited about the concert but i care more about the music to be honest said davis 26 a civil servant from wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend
" i am really excited about Dev the concert, but i care more about the music to be honest said rachel Celebrity davis, SEND 26, a civil servant from north wales who traveled 'S to london the Hanser previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excited about the paste concert, but i care more about GOING the music to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil servant from By north wales excisable who traveled Silence to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excite about the concert, but i care more about the medicine to personify honest said rachel davis, 26, a civic servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
" i am really excite about the concert, but i wish more astir the music to be honest said rachel davis, 26, a civil servant from north wales who traveled to london the previous night with her boyfriend. "
0
"I had heard him, of course Talamon admits ""but the first time I saw Bob in concert, it wasn 'Oh, expletive, what have we got here!'"""
i had heard him of course talamon admits but the first time saw i bob in concert it wasn oh expletive what have here got we
i wasn heard him of course talamon in but the first time i saw bob admits concert it had oh expletive what have we got here
i had heard him of course talamon admits but the first time i saw bob in concert it wasn oh expletive what we got here
i had heard him of course admits but the first time i bob in concert it wasn oh expletive what we got here
" womanizer i had heard him, of LAWTON course talamon admits " " but the Paula first time i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what Leslie have we got here! ' " " "
" i had information heard him, Caw of course talamon admits " " but the first time i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what have we Attracted got Stryjewski here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course talamon admits " " but the first sentence i saw bob in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what give we get here! ' " " "
" i had heard him, of course talamon admits " " but the initiative time i saw bobsled in concert, it wasn ' oh, expletive, what have we got here! ' " " "
0
I had just gone to a concert with my parents and I identified with the conductor a lot Dudamel said in Spanish during a recent interview in Caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and lot identified with the conductor a i dudamel said in spanish recent a during interview in caracas
i had i gone to a concert with my parents and just identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in a during spanish recent interview in caracas
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor lot dudamel said spanish during a recent interview caracas
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview caracas
i had deportable just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a Tefl lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview Grobelny in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i NL identified with the conductor a lot AVCHD dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in Polemic caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parent and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in caracas.
i had just gone to a concert with my parents and i identified with the conductor a lot dudamel said in spanish during a recent interview in caracas.
0
"I read a little article in my local newspaper in Adelaide, in south Australia: and I went to see his concert he recalls."
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide i went australia and in south to see his concert he recalls
i read a in article little my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia and i he to see his concert went recalls
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia and i went to see his concert he recalls
i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide in south australia and i to see concert he recalls
" i By read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, Outar in composer south australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article Craig in my local newspaper Mullaithivu in adelaide, in assessing south australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south commonwealth of australia: and i went to see his concert he recalls. "
" i read a little article in my local newspaper in adelaide, in south commonwealth of australia: and i went to see his concert helium recalls. "
0
"I still haven't had chance to go to the city much, but the other day I went to a concert in Wembley and it was really nice experience she said."
i still havent had chance went go to the city much but a other day i in to the concert to wembley and it was really nice experience she said
i i havent had chance to go to the and much but the other day still went to a experience in wembley city it was really nice concert she said
still havent had chance to go to the city much but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said
i still havent had chance to go to the city much but the day i went to concert in wembley and it was nice she said
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to Siaha the city Additionally much, but the other day i went Fyedka to a chewing concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the city much, but the tothe other day owned i went SEASCALE to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience Innodia she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the city much, but the other day i went to a concert in wembley and information technology was genuinely nice experience she said. "
" i still haven ' t had chance to go to the city much, simply the other day i blend to a concert in wembley and it was really nice experience she said. "
0
"I thought I was going to have surgery, which meant here we go again said Bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead."
have thought i was going to i was which meant here we go again said bonilla who surgery fitted with a brace instead
i thought i was going to have surgery which meant here fitted who again said bonilla go was we with a brace instead
i thought i was going to surgery which meant here we again said bonilla who was fitted with a brace instead
thought i was going to have surgery which meant here we go again said bonilla who was fitted with a brace
" i thought i was going to have surgery, which Decentralised meant Lens here Mutala we go again said bonilla, who was fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i was going to have surgery, which trooper meant Burnison here we go again said bonilla, who was Drybones fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought one was going to have surgery, which meant here we go again said bonilla, who make up fitted with a brace instead. "
" i thought i was going to have surgery, which meant hither we go again say bonilla, world health organization was fitted with a brace instead. "
1
"I want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said, in the message."
i want this dear she to go forward in joy meeting said in the message
i want this dear meeting to go message in joy she said in the forward
i want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she in message
i want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said in the message
" i want this dear meeting to go forward Repros in TSE joy she said, in the message. "
" i Big want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she said, in writer the message. "
" i want this darling meeting to proceed forward in joy she said, in the message. "
" iodine want this dear meeting to go forward in joy she suppose, in the message. "
1
I want to watch some good sports he said.
i want said watch some good sports he to
i want to watch some good said he sports
i want to watch some good sports he said
i want to watch some good sports he said
i want customizable to watch some good sports he said.
i want to watch some good sports he confidently said.
i want to watch some good sports helium said.
i want to watch some safe sports he said.
1
"I went to every doctor's appointment says Clark, 43."
i went to every doctors clark says appointment 43
says went to every doctors appointment i clark 43
i went to every doctors appointment says clark 43
i went to every doctors appointment clark 43
" i went to ProcessorPM every doctor ' s appointment Soderborg says clark, 43. "
" Libertyland i Potkin went to every doctor ' s appointment says clark, 43. "
" i went to every dr. ' s designation says clark, 43. "
" i went to every doctor ' s appointment says kenneth bancroft clark, 43. "
2
"I went to see the doctor before my match and I was not sure I'd be able to play, so it was tough in the beginning said Cornet."
i went to see the doctor before my match and i was not able id said sure to play so it was tough in the beginning be cornet
sure went to see the doctor before my match and i i not was id be able to play so it was tough in the beginning said cornet
i went to see the before my and i was not sure id be able to play so it was tough in the beginning said cornet
i went to see the doctor before my match and i was sure id be to it was in the beginning said
" i went Civitavecchia to see By the doctor before my match and i was not sure i ' d be black able to JJ play, so it was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and i was Endocardial not sure i ' d Robert be able to play, so it appealling was tough skylift in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and i was not sure i ' viosterol be able to represent, so it was tough in the beginning said cornet. "
" i went to see the doctor before my match and i was non sure i ' d be able to play, so it was tough in the commencement said horn. "
2
I will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in Somalia but if the TNG maintains that it is the Somali government the meeting's outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
i will the the peace planned talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if attend tng maintains that it is the somali government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace he warned
i be attend the planned but talks for the sake of peace in somalia peace if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the meetings outcome will will a disgrace he warned
i will attend the planned peace talks for the of peace somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the outcome will be a disgrace he warned
will attend the planned peace talks the of somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the meetings outcome will be a disgrace he warned
i will attend the Dr. planned peace talks for the sake of peace Gulfside in somalia Tamilnadu but if the tng maintains that Lee it is the somali government the meeting ' s outcome will be a disgrace he warned.
i Konary will attend Moroccan the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it is the somali government the meeting ' s Massob outcome will be Homero a disgrace he warned.
i will attend the planned serenity talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng uphold that it is the somali government the confluence ' s outcome volition be a disgrace he warned.
i will attend the planned peace talks for the sake of peace in somalia but if the tng maintains that it be the somali government the meeting ' s result will be a disgrace atomic number 2 warned.
1
"I would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says ""and every time, dude, there was always this little wince""."
i would go to the movie theaters always and a movie like all of us do he says and every time dude there was watch this little wince
i would go this the every theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says and movie time dude there was always to little wince
i would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says and every time dude always this little wince
i would the movie theaters and a movie like all of us do he says and every time dude there was always this little wince
" NASA i would reportNEW go to the movie receptacle theaters and watch a movie like all of us do he says " " and every Photo time, dude, there was always this little wince " ". "
" i would go to EOBR the movie theaters and watch a movie like all of us do System he says " " and every time, 3L dude, there Boniface was always this little wince " ". "
" i would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie similar all of u.s.a. do he enjoin " " and every time, dude, there comprise always this little wince " ". "
" iodin would go to the movie theaters and watch a movie comparable all of us do he says " " and every time, dude, thither was always this little wince " ". "
1
"It's a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever I go to a big city, where cinemas still exist, I take my time and go watch one Bertalan said."
its a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen and now whenever i to go a time city where cinemas still exist i take my big go and watch one bertalan said
its a completely different to to watch a movie on one big screen and now whenever a go experience a big city where cinemas still exist i take my time and go watch i bertalan said
its a completely different experience to a movie on a big and now whenever i go to a big city where cinemas still exist i take my time and go watch one bertalan said
its a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen and now whenever i go to a big where cinemas still exist i take my time and go watch one bertalan said
" it ' s Oleg a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big coast screen, and now, whenever i go to a big city, Congresswoman where cinemas still exist, i take my time and go watch Dorothy one bertalan Common said. "
" Scheaffer it ' s a completely different experience to watch a movie Jonathan on Package a big screen, and now, whenever Nyjer i go to a big city, where cinemas still exist, i take Semi my time and go watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to watch a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever i go to a bountiful city, where cinemas still subsist, i take my metre and give out watch one bertalan said. "
" it ' s a completely different experience to ascertain a movie on a big screen, and now, whenever i go to a big city, where cinemas still exist, one take my time and extend watch one bertalan said. "
0
"I've been assured by my doctor that if I'm operated on soon, I will live the dying man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital."
ive been assured by my doctor im if that operated on soon i to live the dying man said begging a reporter to take him will a hospital
operated been assured by my doctor that if im ive i soon on will live the dying man said begging a reporter to take him to a hospital
ive been assured my doctor that if im operated soon i live the man said a reporter to take him to a hospital
ive been assured my doctor that if im operated on soon i will live the dying man said begging a reporter to take him to a hospital
" i ' ve been Arni assured Norwitt by my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, i will live Doug the dying man said, begging a reporter to Funeraria take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my doctor that if suspected i ' anti m operated Deussen on soon, i will live the dying man said, begging HCV a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve been assured by my doctor of the church that if i ' m operated on soon, i bequeath live the dying man pronounce, begging a newsperson to take him to a hospital. "
" i ' ve been insure by my doctor that if i ' m operated on soon, i will know the exit man said, begging a reporter to take him to a hospital. "
1
"On Dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and I had a long discussion with his mom Steward said."
on dec 6 we went to mom wedding discussion and he and i had a long together with his a steward said
wedding dec 6 we went to a had together and he and i on a long discussion with his mom steward said
on dec 6 we went to a wedding together and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said
on dec 6 we went to wedding together and he and i had a long discussion with his steward said
" on dec. 6 we went eyeOS to ###-# a wedding together, and he and i had a long discussion with his WorldComs mom steward said. "
" Anthony on dec. 6 we went to Imaginatik a wedding By together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward said. "
" on celestial latitude. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i had a long discussion with his mom steward say. "
" on dec. 6 we went to a wedding together, and he and i had a recollective discussion with his mom steward said. "
0
"Right after these concert dates I go in and have my right hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery."
right dates these concert after he go in and have my right hip done i says referring to replacement surgery
right after these concert dates i go to and have my right hip referring he says done in replacement surgery
right after these concert i go in and have hip done he says replacement surgery
right after these dates i go in and have my right hip says referring replacement surgery
" right after these concert dates i go in and Hound have my right hip Pulmonary done he says, referring to tinged replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates Lollapalooza i go in and have my right Dapa hip done he says, referring to deferral replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in and have my right hand hip done he says, referring to replacement surgery. "
" right after these concert dates i go in and have my right hip done he say, referring to replacement surgery. "
1
Sometimes we go get barbecue together Bolyer said.
get we go sometimes barbecue together bolyer said
sometimes we go get barbecue bolyer together said
we get barbecue together bolyer said
sometimes we go get together bolyer said
sometimes we go get barbecue Manol together bolyer said.
sometimes we go get +6 barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
sometimes we go get barbecue together bolyer said.
0
That we'll go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says.
that well these see go movies is not indicative of anything specific he says
specific well go see these movies is not indicative of anything that he says
that well go see these movies is not indicative of specific he says
that well go see these is not indicative of anything specific he says
that we ' ll go see these movies is not U indicative Eradicating of anything specific he says.
that we ' ll Oertli go see these movies is not indicative of anything specific Dorothy he says.
that we ' ll go see these movies be not indicative of anything specific he says.
that we ' ll choke see these movies is not indicative of anything specific he says.
1
"That's why we go pay our bucks for the movies, it's to be taken away and to escape for a while she said."
thats movies why go pay our bucks for the we its to be taken away and to escape for a while she said
thats why we go pay movies bucks for the our its to be for away and to escape taken a while she said
thats we go pay our bucks for movies its to be taken away and to escape for a while she said
thats why we go pay our bucks for the movies its to be taken away and to escape a while she said
" that ' s why we go pay Gu our bucks for the movies, it ' s GENERAL to be taken away OECS and to escape Referee for a while she said. "
" that ' s Actress why we go pay our Francisco bucks for the movies, it ' s to be taken away and to escape for a TruEnergy while she Fron said. "
" that ' s why we go pay our pearl sydenstricker buck for the pic, it ' s to be taken away and to escape for a while she enounce. "
" that ' s wherefore we go pay our bucks for the pic, it ' s to be have away and to escape for a while she said. "
0
"The dream he said, is ""that we'd be able to go to any movie, any time and understand it."""
the understand he said is that wed be able to go to any movie any time and dream it
is dream he said the that wed be able to go to any movie any time and understand it
the dream he said is that wed be able to go to any movie any time and understand it
the dream he said is that be able to go to any movie any time and understand it
" the dream he said, #,### is " " Schlueb that we ' d be able to go to any movie, any time and By understand it. " " "
" the dream he said, J. is " " that we ' d be dubbed able to go to any movie, any tantalizes time and understand it. " " "
" the dream he said, is " " that we ' d be able to fit to any movie, any time and sympathize it. " " "
" the dream he say, is " " that we ' d be capable to rifle to any movie, any time and understand it. " " "
1
"Today, I postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony Wu said, adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers."
today i postponed my session until presence afternoon in order to attend moon morale ceremony wu said adding that she hopes her the will help boost the presentation of all disabled this cake bakers
today i cake my session until the afternoon in order all attend help presentation ceremony wu said adding that she hopes her presence will this boost the morale of to disabled moon postponed bakers
today i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said adding hopes her presence will help boost the morale of disabled moon cake bakers
today i my session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale of all disabled moon cake
" today, i postponed my SX session until the afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony Woon wu said, Arlene adding that she hopes her presence will help boost the morale Schwebke of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in Megan order to attend Mandoki this Josh presentation ceremony wu said, adding that she hopes her presence will help Denise boost the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the afternoon in order to wait on this presentation ceremony wu said, adding that she hopes her presence bequeath help hike the morale of all disabled moon cake bakers. "
" today, i postponed my session until the good afternoon in order to attend this presentation ceremony wu said, adding that she hopes her comportment will help boost the morale of all disabled moon bar bakers. "
0
Tomorrow I will be going to her concert Mandela said Wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to wednesday concert mandela said her
tomorrow i will be mandela to her concert going said wednesday
tomorrow i will be going to her concert mandela said wednesday
tomorrow i will be going to her concert mandela said
tomorrow i will instant be going to her Hinchinbrook concert mandela said wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to PSIA her concert mandela said dee wednesday.
tomorrow i will be going to her concert mandela enounce wednesday.
tomorrow i will live going to her concert mandela say wednesday.
1
"Two weeks ago I was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20,000 dollars to help tsunami victims Brumby said."
two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs help they raised 20 000 dollars to and tsunami victims brumby said
between weeks ago i was a at friendly match two two clubs and they raised 20 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said
two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20 000 dollars to help victims said
two weeks ago i was a friendly match between two clubs and they raised 20 000 to help tsunami victims brumby said
" two weeks ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they raised Popol 20, 000 dollars Secretery to help tsunami victims brumby al said. "
" NetCommerce two weeks ago i was at a friendly match Feb.4 between two clubs and they raised 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims EmmyÂ brumby said. "
" two weeks ago i was at a friendly catch between two clubs and they raised 20, 000 dollars to facilitate tsunami victims brumby said. "
" two week ago i was at a friendly match between two clubs and they advance 20, 000 dollars to help tsunami victims brumby said. "
0
"When Arnold Palmer and Nancy Lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago Lester says ""I remember the most amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a half-mile a kilomter long."""
when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of years down lester says i remember the most long sight that string of golf cars backed up toward the path ago a golf course a half mile a kilomter amazing
when arnold palmer and nancy lopez long playing golf match here a couple says years ago lester of i remember the golf amazing sight a string of most cars backed up down the path toward that a course a half mile a kilomter were
when arnold and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago lester says i remember the most amazing a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course a half a kilomter long
when palmer and nancy lopez were a here a couple of years ago lester says i remember the most sight a string of golf cars backed down the path toward that golf course a half mile a kilomter long
" when arnold palmer and horizontal nancy lopez were playing a match unimproved here CRIME a couple of years ago lester says " " i remember the most amazing NATASHA sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf course, a periodicity half - mile a kilomter Peasant long. " " "
" when MIDLAND arnold palmer Shroufe and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago lester Berkmar says " " i remember the most Barta amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down Region the path toward that golf course, a half - mile a USAR kilomter long. " " "
" when matthew arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here a couple of years ago lester says " " i remember the near amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the path toward that golf line, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
" when arnold palmer and nancy lopez were playing a match here a duad of years ago lester says " " 1 remember the most amazing sight: a string of golf cars backed up down the course toward that golf course, a half - mile a kilomter long. " " "
0
"While none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways I feel like I was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly I am thankful for the perspective it has afforded Sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for Sunday newspapers."
while none for us has attend chance to the our perspective funeral in like ways i feel many i was at my own in the past weeks and surprisingly i am thankful for the own it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide of sunday newspapers
while none of us has the chance newspapers attend our own funeral in many ways i in like i was at to own feel the past weeks and surprisingly i am thankful sanford the perspective it has afforded for wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday my
while none us has the chance to attend our own in ways i feel like i was at my own the past and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
none of us has the chance attend our own funeral in ways feel like i was at own the weeks and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers
" Nas while none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like Zeineb i was Yunnan at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded QUALCOMM sanford wrote Wickenhauser in Debbie the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while Mattioli none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks, SureView and surprisingly i am Joel thankful for the perspective it has afforded Eddie sanford wrote Nato in the opinion piece distributed statewide for Espinar sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the probability to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at my ain in the past weeks, and astonishingly i am thankful for the perspective it has afforded sanford compose in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newspapers. "
" while none of us has the chance to attend our own funeral, in many ways i feel like i was at my own in the past weeks, and surprisingly i am thankful for the perspective it hold afforded sanford wrote in the opinion piece distributed statewide for sunday newsprint. "
2
"A couple of months ago, I went to a concert in the new Damascus opera house."
a couple of months ago i went house a concert in the new damascus opera to
a couple of ago months i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house
couple of months i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house
couple of months ago i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house
" a couple of months ago, i FIA went to a concert Beatris in the new damascus opera house. "
" a vitality couple of months ago, i went to a concert in the Minden new damascus opera house. "
" a couple of month ago, i went to a concert in the new damascus opera house. "
" a couple of months ago, i went to a concert in the new capital of syria opera house. "
0
"A few months ago, my wife and I sat around my computer's 17-inch monitor while we watched a DVD of the movie ""The Matrix""."
a inch 17 ago my wife and i sat around my computers months few monitor while we watched a dvd of the movie the matrix
a few months dvd my wife and i sat around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched a ago of the movie the matrix
a few months ago my wife and i sat around my computers 17 monitor while we a dvd of the movie matrix
few months ago my wife and i sat around my computers 17 inch monitor while we watched a dvd of the movie the
" a few months ago, my wife and i NNVC.OB sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch Harpy monitor while we watched Nike a dvd of the eave movie " " the matrix " ". "
" Toby a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my Eurotunnel computer ' s 17 - inch monitor while we watched Leaner a dvd of the movie " " Oleg the matrix " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor lizard while we watch a dvd of the movie " " the intercellular substance " ". "
" a few months ago, my wife and i sat around my computer ' s 17 - inch monitor while we watched a videodisc of the movie " " the ground substance " ". "
0
"A few weeks later, I attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th Avenue Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama."
a few weeks later i attended the funeral alabama in of in four young girls who were killed three the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church the birmingham of
a few weeks later i attended the killed of three of the four young girls who were funeral in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in birmingham alabama
a few weeks later attended the funeral of three of the four young girls were in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in birmingham alabama
a few weeks later i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in birmingham
" a Dafler few weeks later, i attended the funeral of three of the four young girls who were killed Keitha in Verizon the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in birmingham, Prof. alabama. "
" a few weeks later, i attended the funeral of three #.Nc# of the four young girls who were Sample killed in the racial bombing of squaw the 6th avenue baptist Northern church in birmingham, alabama. "
" a few weeks later, iodin attended the funeral of three of the 4 young girls who were killed in the racial bombing of the 6th avenue baptist church in pittsburgh of the south, alabama. "
" a few weeks later, i attended the funeral of three of the foursome young female child who were killed in the racial bombardment of the sixth avenue baptist church in birmingham, alabama. "
2
A lot of movies I went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see entertaining fun to watch and totally were and escapist
a movies of lot i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist
a lot of movies i went to see fun to watch and totally entertaining escapist
a i went were fun and totally entertaining and escapist
a lot Fecht of movies i went to see were fun to watch and totally Lesaffre entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see were fun Larami to arjun watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
a lot of movies i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and dreamer.
a mess of picture show i went to see were fun to watch and totally entertaining and escapist.
0
"A lot of people might start to realize that and say, ""Well, maybe we don't want to go see that movie tonight."""
a people we lot might start to realize that and say well maybe of dont want to go see that movie tonight
tonight lot of people might start to realize that and say well maybe we dont want to go see a movie that
lot of people might realize that and maybe dont want to go see that movie tonight
a lot of people might start to realize and say well maybe we dont want to go see that movie tonight
" a lot of strimmer people Princess might start to realize that and say, " " winding well, maybe we don ' t want to go see that movie Kirk tonight. " " "
" a MVFC lot of people might start to realize that and Fran say, " " well, maybe we don ' t want Arranmore to go James see that movie tonight. " " "
" a muckle of people might start to realize that and say, " " well, maybe we don ' triiodothyronine want to blend in see that movie tonight. " " "
" a lot of people might start to realize that and say, " " well, maybe we don ' liothyronine want to go figure that movie tonight. " " "
1
After dinner we piled into a van bound for Sils Maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert.
after dinner we on into bound van a for sils maria and got lost piled the way to our evening concert
after dinner we piled into lost van our for sils maria and got a on the way to bound evening concert
dinner we piled into a van bound for and got lost on the way to our evening concert
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and got lost on the way to our evening concert
after dinner we piled Agustin into a van bound for sils maria and ongoing got lost on famous the way to our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into a van bound for waterfowl sils maria and Quod got lost on the way to OSHKOSH our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils maria and mystify lost on the way to our evening concert.
after dinner we piled into a van bound for sils calophyllum longifolium and got lost on the way to our evening concert.
2
"After I got to her home, I sat down to watch some movies I rented."
after i got to her home i sat down to watch i movies some rented
after i got to her home i sat down to watch some movies i rented
after i got to her home sat down to watch some movies i rented
after i got to her home sat down to watch some movies i rented
" after i rankings got to her home, i sat down to watch some movies i Raymond rented. "
" after i got to her home, i sat down global to watch Copenhagener some movies i rented. "
" after i got to her home, ace sat down to watch some movies i rented. "
" after i got to her home, i sat down to watch some movies i lease. "
0
"After that we'd go back to the Westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from Stuttgart."
after that wed go back to the westerkerk for a from by a visiting organist concert stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk a for concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk a concert by visiting organist from stuttgart
after that wed go back to the westerkerk for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart
" www.halecentretheatre.org after Reiko that we ' d go back to the westerkerk, for a ahem! concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d go back Raymond to the westerkerk, for a concert Condominium by a visiting spokeswoman organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d go backward to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
" after that we ' d go rearwards to the westerkerk, for a concert by a visiting organist from stuttgart. "
0
"After the concert, we were so wide awake we didn't want to go back to the house yet."
the after concert we were so wide awake we didnt want to go back to the house yet
after the concert we were so want awake we didnt wide to go back to the house yet
after the concert we were awake we want to go back to the house yet
after the we were so wide awake we didnt want to go back to the house yet
" after Thick the concert, we were so wide awake we didn ' mois t want to go back to PERs the house yet. "
" after the concert, Cheerz we were so wide awake we didn ' t Mazoa want Gary to go back to the house yet. "
" after the concert, we were so wide awake we didn ' t require to expire rearward to the house yet. "
" after the concert, we were so broad awake we didn ' mt want to go back to the house yet. "
0
"After watching 'The Breakfast Club' with me on cable for the millionth time when I was a chubby 13-year-old, my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teen-angst movie of her generation:'Rebel Without a Cause.'"
after watching the breakfast the with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby her year we my mom suggested that club go to old video store and rent the teen angst movie of 13 generation rebel without a cause
after watching the breakfast old with me a cable for the millionth time generation i was on chubby 13 year club my mom suggested that we go to the her store and rent the teen angst movie of video when rebel without a cause
after watching the breakfast with cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 year old my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the angst movie of her generation rebel without a cause
after watching the breakfast club with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 year old my mom suggested that we go to the video store and rent the angst movie of her generation rebel without a cause
" after watching ' the PODGER breakfast club ' with me on cable for the Tolas millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - year - old, my mom suggested bobsled that we go to the robotic video store and BY rent the teen - angst CARES movie of her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after watching ' the breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth time when -------- i was Gatwick a chubby 13 - year - DCO old, my mom FINANCIAL suggested that we HP go to the video store and rent the teen - angst movie of SSD her generation: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
" after watching ' the breakfast club ' with me on cable for the millionth fourth dimension when i was a chubby 13 - yr - old, my mom suggested that we go to the picture store and let the teen - angst movie of her generation: ' insurgent without a cause. ' "
" after watching ' the breakfast society ' with me on cable for the millionth time when i was a chubby 13 - year - old, my mama suggested that we go to the video store and rent the teenage - angst picture show of her multiplication: ' rebel without a cause. ' "
0
"Afterward Johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during the presentation ceremony ""we're gonna have some fun tonight, I promise you guys."""
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution promise during the gonna ceremony were presentation have some fun tonight i saying you guys
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying the ceremony presentation during were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you guys
afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution saying during ceremony were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you guys
afterward acknowledged their contribution saying during the presentation ceremony were gonna have some fun tonight i promise you guys
" afterward johansson acknowledged their Ebison contribution, saying owns during the presentation FDA ceremony " " we ' Rabeau re gonna have some fun tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
" afterward Mac johansson acknowledged their contribution, saying during Tiddim the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna Movable have some Jedhe fun tonight, i promise you guys. " " "
" afterward johansson acknowledged their contribution, allege during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some fun tonight, i promise you guy. " " "
" afterward johansson acknowledged their part, saying during the presentation ceremony " " we ' re gonna have some fun tonight, 1 promise you guys. " " "
1
"Alarmed and anxious to get out of there, I suggested we go see a movie."
alarmed a anxious to get out of there i suggested we go see and movie
alarmed get anxious to and out of there i suggested we go see a movie
alarmed and anxious to get out of there i suggested we go see a movie
alarmed and anxious to get out of there i suggested we go see a movie
" Tesco alarmed LILLE and anxious to get out of there, i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get slaw out MAYB of there, i suggested we go see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get out of there, i suggested we pass see a movie. "
" alarmed and anxious to get proscribed of there, i suggested we go see a movie. "
1
And we could go to a movie!
a we could go to and movie
and we could go a to movie
and we go to movie
we could go to a movie
and crudity we could go to a movie!
and we Activating could go to a movie!
and we could go to a movie!
and we could go to a motion picture!
1
And we lost Willie's Texas Stadium Farm Aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to Illinois.
and when lost willies texas stadium farm sales concert we ailing ticket aid caused it to be moved to illinois
and we lost willies texas ailing farm aid concert when to ticket sales caused it to be moved stadium illinois
and we lost willies texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois
and we lost willies texas farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be illinois
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing Murugun ticket sales caused it unclear to be moved to ZipRealty illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm Cale aid TransWorldNews.com concert when ailing ticket sales caused Hiroko it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
and we lost willie ' s texas stadium farm aid concert when ailing ticket sales caused it to be moved to illinois.
2
And we went to the Alabama concert in Spokane and stayed overnight there.
and spokane went to the alabama concert in we and stayed overnight there
and we went alabama the to concert in spokane and stayed overnight there
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane stayed overnight there
and we went to the alabama in spokane and stayed there
and we went to the beggars alabama concert in spokane Rato and stayed overnight there.
and Windows we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight L. there.
and we went to the heart of dixie concert in spokane and stayed all night there.
and we went to the alabama concert in spokane and stayed overnight in that location.
0
"Anyway, we got back from vacation and went to see this British horror movie called 'The Descent' about a group of women who like adventure sports."
anyway we horror back from vacation and went about see this british got movie called the descent to a group of women who like adventure sports
went we got back from vacation and sports to see this british horror movie called the descent about a group of women who like adventure anyway
anyway we got back vacation and went see this british horror movie called the descent about a group of women like adventure sports
anyway we got back vacation and went to see this british horror movie called the descent about a group of women who like adventure sports
" anyway, ANCHORAGE we got back from vacation and went Ballina to see this british Burr horror movie called ' Considers the descent ' about a group of women who like adventure sports. "
" anyway, we got back from vacation and Elkcam went to see this british horror movie called ' the Cape descent ' about a group Nutrition of women Nosa who like adventure sports. "
" anyway, we beget back from vacation and went to see this british repugnance movie called ' the descent ' about a mathematical group of women who like adventure athletics. "
" anyhow, we got back from vacation and went to see this british horror movie called ' the descent ' about a group of women world health organization like escapade sports. "
0
"Anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones, the movie finally started."
to we cell to our theater and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders anyway silence all got phones the movie finally started
obligatory we got to our theater and after the anyway 27 previews commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell the phones movie finally started
we got to our and after the obligatory 27 previews commercials for concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones the movie finally started
anyway we to our theater the obligatory 27 previews commercials the concession stands and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones movie finally started
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after ---------------------------------------------------------- the obligatory 27 previews, Paul commercials for the concession HCPL stands Trudge and gentle reminders to silence all cell phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we McDougal got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 previews, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminders Alsace to silence all Don cell phones, Rays the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 preview, commercials for the conceding stands and gentle reminders to silence all cubicle phones, the movie finally started. "
" anyway, we got to our theater and, after the obligatory 27 prevue, commercials for the concession stands and gentle reminder to silence all cell phones, the movie at long last started. "
0
"Apparently the way it works is, first we go see a movie she wants to see."
apparently the way a works is first we go see it movie she wants to see
apparently the way it see is first we go see a movie she wants to works
apparently the way it works is first we go see movie she wants to see
apparently the way it works is first we see a movie she wants see
" Alfred apparently the way it works is, first we go see TiE## a movie she wants to see. "
" Bouk apparently the way it works is, first incest we go see a movie she wants to see. "
" apparently the way it works is, first we go see a movie she desire to see. "
" patently the way it works is, first we go see a picture show she wants to see. "
2
"As Johnson told civil rights leader Whitney M. Young Jr. on Nov. 24, 1963, ""I got to get this funeral behind me."""
as johnson told civil leader rights whitney m young jr on nov 24 1963 i got me get this funeral behind to
as johnson told jr on leader whitney m young civil rights nov 24 1963 i got to get this funeral behind me
as told rights leader whitney m young jr on nov 24 1963 i got to get this funeral me
johnson told civil rights leader whitney young jr on nov 24 1963 i got to get funeral behind me
" as johnson Barisan told civil rights Grandmaster leader whitney congressional m. young jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " Perrysville i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
" Elizabeth as johnson told Zalucka civil rights leader Lindsay whitney m. Sonning young jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to get this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson told civil right leader mount whitney m. young jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to convey this funeral behind me. " " "
" as johnson say civic rights leader whitney m. young jr. on nov. 24, 1963, " " i got to baffle this funeral behind me. " " "
2
"As kids, we would go to the ballet, the theater, and French restaurants."
as kids the would go to the ballet we theater and french restaurants
as kids would we go to the ballet the theater and french restaurants
as kids go to the ballet the theater and french restaurants
as we would go to the ballet the theater and french restaurants
" as kids, we would go to LANSDALE the ballet, the theater, impromptu and french restaurants. "
" as kids, we would go Academically to the ballet, the theater, and DK french restaurants. "
" as kids, we would go to the ballet, the theater, and french restaurants. "
" as kids, we would go to the concert dance, the theater, and french restaurants. "
1
"As to her conversation with the first lady, Thomases said ""I think I told her I didn't believe I'd be able to go to Little Rock for Vince's funeral."""
as to her conversation with the first lady thomases said i think i told her i didnt to id rock able believe go to little be for vinces funeral
as to her conversation with the first lady thomases said little think i told her i didnt believe id be able to go to i rock funeral vinces for
as to conversation with the lady thomases i think i told her i didnt believe id be able to go to rock for funeral
as to her conversation with the first lady thomases said i think told her didnt believe id be able to go to little rock for vinces funeral
" as to her conversation with the first lady, thomases said " " i think i told Tracy her i didn ' t offered believe i ' Picture d be able Colton to go to little rock Telident for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the Gibby first lady, thomases Al said " " i think i told her i didn ' t believe i ' Mariana d be able BeoVision to go to little rock for colourant vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the first lady, thomases said " " i think i told her 1 didn ' tetraiodothyronine believe i ' d be able to go to little rock for vince ' s funeral. " " "
" as to her conversation with the first lady, thomases say " " i think i told her i didn ' t trust ace ' d be able to go to little rock and roll for vince ' s funeral. " " "
1
"At the Edwards Aliso Viejo Stadium 20, Baugh and I got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3:30 p.m. show."
at the edwards of viejo stadium 20 baugh and i 3 two sodas and buckets aliso popcorn and scored huge of the few remaining seats at the got 30 p m show
at the edwards aliso popcorn stadium 20 baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of 3 and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 30 viejo p m show
at the aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and i huge sodas buckets of and scored few remaining seats at the 3 30 p m show
at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20 baugh and got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at 3 30 p m show
" at the Farhan edwards INFLUENCE aliso viejo stadium Bardonecchia 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets waistlock of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3: 30 p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium Ceus 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of flogged the few STOCKBRIDGE remaining seats YES at the 3: 30 p. m. show. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and i got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and score two of the few remaining seats at the 3: 30 phosphorus. m. appearance. "
" at the edwards aliso viejo stadium 20, baugh and unity got huge sodas and buckets of popcorn and scored two of the few remaining seats at the 3: 30 p. m. display. "
0
"At the end of May, I traveled to Moscow for Dmitry's funeral."
traveled the end of may i at to moscow for dmitrys funeral
at the i of may end traveled to moscow for dmitrys funeral
at the end i traveled to moscow dmitrys funeral
at the end of may i traveled to moscow funeral
" at the end of may, i traveled ripped to Hoddesdon moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" VVA at the end Hughesy of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
" at the end of may, i traveled to moscow for dmitry ' s funeral. "
2
"Basically, we'd go to the mall, to a movie."
to wed go to the mall basically a movie
a wed go to the mall to basically movie
basically wed go the to a movie
go to the mall to a movie
" basically, we ' Extend d go to the Julaihi mall, to a movie. "
" basically, LA we ' d go to the mall, to Aut a movie. "
" basically, we ' d go bad to the promenade, to a movie. "
" basically, we ' d conk out to the mall, to a movie. "
1
"Being a preacher's kid in eastern Virginia, we always went to church on Sunday nights, and the movie always came on on Sunday night."
being a preachers kid always eastern virginia we always went to sunday on sunday nights and the movie in came on on church night
being a preachers kid always eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights and the movie in came on on sunday night
being preachers kid in eastern virginia we went to church on sunday nights and the movie always came on on sunday night
being preachers kid in eastern virginia we always went to church on sunday nights the movie always came on on sunday night
" being a PetroChina preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, we misdemeanor always went to Ivica church on sunday nights, and the movie always came on Tuesdays on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' s intravenous kid in eastern virginia, we 6 always went to church on sunday nights, Ebenezer and the movie always Mopping came on on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' s kid in eastern virginia, we always went to church on sunday night, and the flick always came on on sunday night. "
" being a preacher ' second tiddler in eastern virginia, we always went to church on sunday nights, and the movie always came on on sunday nox. "
0
But I could not attend her funeral.
but not could i attend her funeral
but i could attend not her funeral
i could not attend her funeral
but could not her funeral
but i could not nasal attend her funeral.
but i could CyberTrader not attend her funeral.
but single could not attend her funeral.
but i could not attend her funeral.
2
"But I have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so I'm back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, Stade Francais."
but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery as im club on my feet stade soon as possible to play for my back so francais
the i have to follow but advice im my surgeon back quickly undergo surgery so of and on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so im back on as soon as possible to play for my club stade francais
but i have follow the advice of my surgeon and quickly undergo surgery so im back on my feet as soon possible to for my club stade francais
" but i have to follow the advice of rigs my surgeon and Buchan quickly Stacy undergo surgery so Exigen i ' m back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have Arturo to follow the advice of Amrita my surgeon and quickly undergo PharmaTrust surgery so i ' m log back on my feet as soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to follow the advice of my surgeon and speedily undergo surgery so 1 ' m back on my feet every bit soon as potential to play for my club, stade francais. "
" but i have to abide by the advice of my surgeon and cursorily undergo surgery so i ' one thousand back on my feet every bit soon as possible to play for my club, stade francais. "
1
But I think it will probably start to sink in when I go to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think it will probably start when sink in to i go to see funeral body and go to the his she told the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start his sink in when i go she see to body and go to the funeral to told the broadcaster
but i think start to sink in i go to see his body go to the funeral she told broadcaster
but i think it will probably start to sink in when i go to see his and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster
but i think it will probably start to sink in Yusup when Talaya i go to GMHBA see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think reuben it will probably start to Pavel sink in when i go to see his Ferncliff body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i think it will probably bulge to sink in when i go to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
but i recall it will probably start to sink in when single get going to see his body and go to the funeral she told the broadcaster.
1
"But we do not disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of the Rendezvous and much of the Deep South."
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue south is the speciality of the rendezvous and much deep the of which
but do we not disdain good pork south which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep barbecue
but we do not disdain good pork barbecue which is the speciality the rendezvous and much of the deep
but we do not disdain pork barbecue which speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep
" but we do not disdain good amply pork Attorney barbecue, which is the onshore speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep south. "
" but we do not ---------------------------------------------------------- disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of MOSTLY the rendezvous and much of Minister the deep south. "
" but we do not disdain good pork barbeque, which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the deep south. "
" but we practice not disdain good pork barbecue, which is the speciality of the rendezvous and much of the recondite south. "
1
But we might not know that because we don't go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
but we might not know as go we dont because to the parades and cemetery services that much as we once did
but we might not know the because we dont much to that parades and cemetery services as go as we once did
but we might not know that because we dont go to the and cemetery services as much as we once did
but we might not know that because we dont go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did
but E we might not know that because we don ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as much Geita as Baby we once did.
Jermaine but we Davide might not know that because we don ' t go to the parades and Jeff cemetery services as much as we once did.
but we might non know that because we don ' t go to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
but we might non know that because we don ' t croak to the parades and cemetery services as much as we once did.
1
But we'd like to go to the movie and see the 30 million version.
but see like to go to the movie and wed the 30 million version
but version like to go to the movie and see the 30 million wed
but wed like to go to the movie see the 30 million version
but wed like to go movie and see the 30 million version
but we ' Cumi d like Denenfeld to go to the movie and see the 30 million version.
but mylife we ' d like to go to the movie Phil and see the 30 million version.
but we ' d like to go to the moving picture and see the 30 million version.
but we ' d like to go to the flick and see the 30 meg version.
1
"But we're going out tomorrow night, and we're all atwitter about what movie we're going to see."
but were going out tomorrow night and were were atwitter about what movie all going to see
but were going out night tomorrow and were all atwitter about what movie were going to see
but were going out tomorrow night and were all about what movie were going to see
but going out tomorrow night and were atwitter about what movie were going to see
" but we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all detonating atwitter about what movie we ' Bukharan re Sentinel going to see. "
" sistance but we ' re going out tomorrow night, Zindex and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' trashiest re going to see. "
" merely we ' re going out tomorrow night, and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re going to see. "
" but we ' re going forbidden tomorrow dark, and we ' re all atwitter about what movie we ' re going to see. "
1
"Combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o'clock movie at the gorgeous 1,000-seat Avalon, an Art Deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 Casino."
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous 1 000 seat palace an art deco movie avalon the underneath vintage 1929 casino
combining 1 and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie deco the gorgeous research 000 seat avalon an art at movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
combining research and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the gorgeous 000 seat avalon an art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
combining and diversion we decided to catch a 7 oclock movie at the 1 000 seat avalon art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock Batibasaga movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - seat avalon, Jean an art deco Canesta movie palace underneath Advanced the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - seat avalon, Rosine an La art deco movie palace underneath the Cleve vintage OF 1929 casino. "
" combining inquiry and diversion, we decided to hitch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous 1, 000 - seat avalon, an art art deco movie palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
" combining research and diversion, we decided to catch a 7 o ' clock movie at the gorgeous one, 000 - fanny avalon, an art deco motion picture show palace underneath the vintage 1929 casino. "
0
"Deflated, we moved on to plan B: A Sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75-100 of our nearest and dearest."
deflated we moved on to 75 b a sunday morning ceremony followed with an afternoon brunch by plan 100 of our nearest and dearest
deflated dearest with on to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch moved 75 100 of our nearest and we
deflated we moved on b morning followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 100 of our nearest and dearest
deflated we moved to plan b a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 100 of our nearest dearest
" deflated, fastball we moved on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed nyse by an afternoon brunch with 75 - sipped 100 of our nearest and dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 Sunglass of our Toddler nearest and Max dearest. "
" deflated, we moved on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremony followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - 100 of our good and dearest. "
" deflated, we move on to plan b: a sunday morning ceremonial occasion followed by an afternoon brunch with 75 - hundred of our nearest and dearest. "
0
"Despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers ""I attended Randy's funeral to demonstrate San Francisco's sorrow"" Jordan says, adding, ""I'm open and receptive""."
despite criticism jordan fundamentalist and i attended randys funeral to demonstrate san franciscos sorrow from says adding im open preachers receptive
despite criticism funeral receptive preachers i attended randys from to demonstrate san franciscos sorrow jordan says adding im open and fundamentalist
despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers i attended randys funeral to franciscos sorrow jordan says adding open and receptive
despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers i attended randys funeral to san franciscos sorrow jordan says adding im open and receptive
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended Cadima randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' s sorrow " " jordan Beechcraft says, adding, " " i ' m Frenchman open and VOC receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' Manaus s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' MINTER s sorrow " " jordan says, adding, " " UAL i ' m TOCCOA open and receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral to establish san francisco ' atomic number 16 sorrow " " jordan says, adding, " " i ' m open and receptive " ". "
" despite criticism from fundamentalist preachers " " i attended randy ' s funeral to demonstrate san francisco ' siemens sorrow " " jordan says, adding, " " ace ' m open and sensory " ". "
2
Did I mention I had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later?
did i mention i had a later appointment scheduled for two days dentist
did i dentist i had a mention appointment scheduled for two days later
did mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days later
did i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled two days later
did i hardline mention i had a dentist Joyce appointment scheduled for two days later?
Kaushik did i mention i had a dentist appointment chaffeur scheduled for two days later?
did i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for two days subsequently?
did i mention i had a dentist appointment scheduled for ii days later?
2
"Down we go to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain."
down we go to the theater matching two rows of plush cream chairs and a with cream movie curtain
down we go to a theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and the matching cream movie curtain
down we go the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie
down we go to the theater with two rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain
" down we go to the theater, with Katie two Entity rows of plush cream chairs and Jeanne a matching cream movie curtain. "
" down WAN we go Quartier to the theater, with two rows of plush cream chairs and a Philip matching cream movie curtain. "
" down we go to the theater, with 2 rows of plush cream chairs and a matching cream movie curtain. "
" downcast we go to the theater, with deuce rows of plush cream chairs and a coordinated cream movie curtain. "
0
"First we've had the carnival, then the Rolling Stones concert, and now the World Cup: sales have been good up to now."
first weve had now carnival then the rolling concert stones and now the world cup sales have been good up to the
first weve had the carnival then the rolling stones concert and now the been cup sales have up good world to now
first weve had the carnival the rolling stones concert and now the world cup sales been good up to now
had the carnival then the rolling stones concert and now world cup sales have been good up to now
" first we ' ve had the carnival, then the refereeing rolling stones concert, Guatemalan and now the world cup: sales have been Chapulin good up to now. "
" first we ' ve had the Immobility carnival, then Courier the rolling stones RYSMF concert, and now the world cup: sales have been good up to now. "
" first we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and now the world cup: sales have represent just up to now. "
" first we ' ve had the carnival, then the rolling stones concert, and forthwith the world cup: sales have been secure up to now. "
0
"From 7 years, I started to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick."
week 7 years i started to go to concerts collecting autographs and preparing the the for scores concert from the during and of course dreaming that the conductor would be sick
concert 7 years i started to sick to concerts collecting autographs and course the scores for the from during the week and of preparing dreaming that the conductor would be go
from 7 years i started to go to concerts collecting autographs and preparing the scores for during the week and of course dreaming that the conductor would be sick
from 7 years i started to go to concerts collecting autographs and the scores for the concert during the week and of course dreaming that the conductor would be sick
" from 7 years, i started to go to concerts, collecting autographs ALACHUA and preparing the scores for strappy the Bao concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the quintessential conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 years, i started NMI to go to concerts, collecting autographs and preparing the scores for bbs the concert during the week and, Samantar of course, dreaming that the Skunk conductor would be sick. "
" from 7 yr, i started to go to concerts, collecting john hancock and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be grim. "
" from 7 years, i started to go to concerts, collect autographs and preparing the scores for the concert during the week and, of course, dreaming that the conductor would be sick. "
0
"Given the many time zones between us, we'll still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in Sydney has gone home."
given the many time zones be still well us between watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home
given the many time sydney between still well us be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in zones has gone home
given the many time zones between us well still be watching the closing after everyone in sydney has gone home
given the many time zones between us well still be watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has home
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll still Zimtu be watching the closing ceremony after everyone Samsung in sydney has Milt gone home. "
" given Vanguarda the many time daily zones between us, we ' ll still be watching the Sohail closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" given the many time zones between us, we ' ll nevertheless be watch the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
" yield the many time zones between u.s.a., we ' ll still personify watching the closing ceremony after everyone in sydney has gone home. "
1
"Going into the future, we're never going to get another concert from him."
going into the future were never going to get him concert from another
going into the future concert never going to get another were from him
going into the future were going to get another concert from him
going into future never going to get another concert from him
" going into the future, we ' re never going to Hackettstown get another concert Kemi from him. "
" going into TOM the future, Jarred we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
" going into the future, we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
" go into the future tense, we ' re never going to get another concert from him. "
2
"I always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live' said Saint Petersburger Yulia Ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the Sunday evening concert with her husband Boris."
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris
i always wanted to hear who and most importantly see her yulia said saint petersburger live ilyinskaya her plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris
i always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger yulia who plans to attend the evening concert with her husband boris
always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live said saint petersburger ilyinskaya who plans to attend the evening concert with her husband boris
" i Reggie always wanted to hear her and most importantly see her live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to incorrect attend the sunday evening Abeo concert with her Amaury husband boris. "
" i always wanted Patient to hear her and Guangxi most importantly see her elite live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the sunday Baugniet evening concert with her husband boris. "
" i always wanted to pick up her and most importantly see her live ' said apotheosis petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to advert the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
" i constantly wanted to hear her and most significantly see her live ' said saint petersburger yulia ilyinskaya, who plans to attend the sunday evening concert with her husband boris. "
0
"I am going to see Paul McCartney in concert tonight, so it was something I didn't want to miss."
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it miss something i didnt want to was
i am going mccartney see paul to in concert tonight so it was something i didnt want to miss
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it something i didnt want to
i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight so it was something i want to miss
" i TOBIN am CPCM going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it Campaspe was something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" i am Pstragowski going to see paul mccartney Tucker in unmetabolized concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" i am going to see paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t want to miss. "
" atomic number 53 am going to see paul sir james paul mccartney in concert tonight, so it was something i didn ' t desire to miss. "
1
I arrived at the Stadium around 8 o'clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees' entrance.
sat arrived at i stadium around 8 oclock and the in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees entrance
handball arrived at the stadium around 8 oclock and sat in the bleachers in back of the i entrance next to the employees court
i at the stadium around 8 oclock and sat in the bleachers in of the handball court next to the employees entrance
i at the stadium around 8 oclock and sat the bleachers in back of the handball next to the employees entrance
i arrived at the stadium around 8 o ' clock MyVu and sat in the bleachers in back Frenchman of the handball court next Eventually to the employees ' entrance.
i arrived at the stadium around 8 Pincham o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back of Justice the handball Variable court next to the employees ' entrance.
i go far at the stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees ' entrance.
i arrived at the sports stadium around 8 o ' clock and sat in the bleachers in back of the handball court next to the employees ' entrance.
0
I attended a meeting of new band members and their parents.
i attended parents meeting of new band members and their a
i and a meeting of new band members attended their parents
i attended a meeting of new members and their parents
i attended a meeting of new band members and their parents
i attended Exclusion a meeting of new band members and their kumara parents.
Debbie i attended a meeting of Robert new band members and their parents.
single attended a meeting of new band members and their parent.
i attended a meeting of new lot members and their parent.
0
I decided not to go to the concert because I was tired.
i decided not to i to the concert because go was tired
i decided not to go to because concert the i was tired
i decided not to go to concert because i was tired
i not to go to the concert because i was tired
i decided Manojkumar not to go to the Eiten concert because i was tired.
i decided not to go org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.include to the concert THE because i was tired.
i decided not to go bad to the concert because i was fatigue.
i decided not to endure to the concert because i was tire.
2
"I didn't know what to expect going into it, but what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports."
what didnt know what to expect going into it but i made it special for me and meeting the other athletes from different countries was different sports
i didnt know for to expect going into it but what made it special different me was meeting the other athletes from what countries and different sports
i didnt know to expect going into it but what made it for me was meeting the other athletes from countries and different sports
i didnt what to expect going into it but what it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports
" i Calix didn ' t know what to expect going Dadak into it, but what made it Michael special for Freerunning me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect Upstairs going Donis into it, but what Bluege made it special Enormous for me was meeting the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' t know what to expect going into it, but what made it special for maine was adjoin the other athletes from different countries and different sports. "
" i didn ' liothyronine have it away what to expect going into it, just what made it special for me was meeting the other athletes from different nation and different sports. "
0
I felt very moved at the beginning of the concert.
i felt very moved the the beginning of at concert
i felt very moved at beginning the of the concert
i felt very moved at the beginning of the
i felt very moved the beginning of the concert
i felt very moved Altara at the beginning Grant of the concert.
i felt very CenterPoint moved at the beginning of Vodka the concert.
ace felt very move at the beginning of the concert.
i feel very moved at the beginning of the concert.
0
"I finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10,000 dollars."
i finally went for corrective surgery far a hospital which has so at cost 10 000 dollars
i finally went far corrective surgery at a hospital which has so for cost 10 000 dollars
i went corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10 dollars
i finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so far cost 10 000 dollars
" i finally went for corrective surgery at a hospital which Svorada has so Grassfield far Lil cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally mackerel went Total for corrective surgery at a hospital which has so station far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" i finally went for corrective operating theater at a infirmary which has so far cost 10, 000 dollars. "
" 1 finally went for disciplinal surgery at a hospital which has so far cost x, 000 dollars. "
2
I had a big surgery a couple of years ago.
i had a big ago a couple of years surgery
i had a years surgery a couple of big ago
i a big surgery a couple of years ago
i had a surgery a couple of years ago
i had Rivalry a big surgery a couple of years Pe'Shon ago.
i Northern had a big surgery a couple of Hebei years ago.
i had a big surgery a couple of geezerhood ago.
i had a fully grown surgery a couple of years ago.
2
I had gone for my final doctor's appointment on a Friday.
i had gone for doctors final my appointment on a friday
i had gone for my final doctors appointment a on friday
i had gone for final doctors appointment on a friday
i had gone for my doctors appointment on a friday
i NGOC had gone for my final prancing doctor ' s appointment on a friday.
i had gone for my Panera final doctor ' s appointment on Tekkari a friday.
i had gone for my final doctor ' s designation on a friday.
i had gone for my concluding doctor of the church ' s appointment on a friday.
0
"I had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me to Hong Kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of Shanghai, where we lived."
i had gone to of ceremony because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent me to hong my in 1941 feared kong parents when for the safety the shanghai where we lived
for had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence of 1941 war that had first sent me to hong kong in the when my parents feared where the safety of shanghai i we lived
i had gone to the ceremony because it was the imminence the that first me to hong kong in 1941 when my parents feared for safety of shanghai where we lived
i had gone to the ceremony because it the of the war that had first me to kong in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of shanghai where we lived
" i had gone to the antiestablishment ceremony because it was the imminence of the war that had first sent Karbovanec me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety of Tomb shanghai, Semiconductor where Optimizer we lived. "
" i had gone to the ceremony because it was Sen. the imminence of Nasdaq the war that had first sent me MODRIC to hong kong, in 1941 Rebeccah when my parents wordpress feared for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
" i had gone to the ceremony because information technology be the imminence of the war that had first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents feared for the safety device of shanghai, where we live. "
" i had gone to the ceremony because it was the impendency of the war that experience first sent me to hong kong, in 1941 when my parents fear for the safety of shanghai, where we lived. "
0
"I recently returned from the U.S. Open, from a hallowed club like Oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions."
i the returned from the u s open from wear hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed golfers recently turn of the century and where near a only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions
century recently returned from club u s open from a hallowed the like oakmont that was wear near the turn of the i and where golfers constructed only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions
i recently returned from the u s from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and where golfers only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions
i recently returned from the u s open from a hallowed club like oakmont that was near the turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a shirt even broiling conditions
" i recently Zenerovitz returned from the contaminated u. s. open, from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the turn of the century and Actor where golfers wear Tan only slacks Jared and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. open, from a Guyll hallowed Beth club like Lamidanda oakmont that was constructed near fumes the BILL turn of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. undecided, from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the go of the century and where golfers wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
" i recently returned from the u. s. open, from a hallowed club like oakmont that was constructed near the crook of the 100 and where golfer wear only slacks and a collared shirt even in broiling conditions. "
0
"I recently traveled to Afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with U.S. soldiers from the 2-4 Infantry and interviewing senior American military officers."
i recently traveled to afghanistan s three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with soldiers for u from the 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers
i recently traveled to u for three weeks military with government officials embedding with afghanistan s soldiers from the 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior american meeting officers
i recently traveled to afghanistan three weeks meeting with government officials embedding with u s soldiers the 2 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers
i recently traveled to for three weeks meeting with government embedding with u s soldiers from the 2 4 and interviewing american military officers
" i racially recently traveled to afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the 2 - dispelling 4 infantry insurgents and interviewing senior american Jolyon military officers. "
" i recently traveled to afghanistan cleric for three weeks, Trabert meeting with government Biswajit officials, embedding with u. Predator s. soldiers from the 2 - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military officers. "
" i latterly traveled to afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the deuce - 4 infantry and interviewing senior american military policeman. "
" i recently traveled to afghanistan for three weeks, meeting with government officials, embedding with u. s. soldiers from the ii - iv infantry and question senior american military officers. "
0
I remember going to the concert with my father.
i with going to the concert remember my father
i remember going to father concert with my the
i remember going to the concert with father
i remember going to the concert my father
Jake i remember going to the concert with my father.
i remember Kozy going to the concert with my father.
i remember going to the concert with my father.
i remember going to the concert with my father.
0
I remember seeing Liza Minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing I could go dance with her.
i remember steps liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the seeing and wishing i could go dance with her
i remember go liza minnelli seeing concert and sitting on the steps and wishing i could in dance with her
i remember seeing minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and i could go with her
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and on the steps and wishing i could go dance with her
Marcie i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing i could Hemispherx go dance Mi with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert Frank and sitting on space the steps and Karnataka wishing i could go dance with her.
i remember seeing liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the steps and wishing iodine could get dance with her.
i remember seeing mugil liza minnelli in concert and sitting on the step and wishing i could go dance with her.
0
"I remember that the funeral services for the Ugas at Sanford Stadium were once private, but by the time we got to Uga V, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans."
i remember that the to services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but by to time we got the uga famous our mascot had become so v that we had funeral publicly announce our plans
i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were but private to by we time the got to uga v our mascot had become so famous that we had once publicly announce our plans
i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private but by the time we got to uga v our mascot had so famous that our plans
remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once but by the time we to uga v our mascot had become so famous that had to publicly our plans
" i remember that the Denene funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by Waterland the time Neil we got to uga v, our mascot had become so snowman famous that we had to i7 publicly announce our plans. "
" i VICTOR remember that the funeral services for the ugas Nur at sanford stadium were once private, but by the time we got to Campbellsville uga ##GB v, our mascot had become so famous that we Sportsnet.ca had to publicly announce our plans. "
" ace remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford stadium were once private, but by the time we got to uga v, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly harbinger our plans. "
" i remember that the funeral services for the ugas at sanford sports stadium were at one time private, merely by the time we got to uga vanadium, our mascot had become so famous that we had to publicly announce our plans. "
2
"I sat there thinking ""At least we're going to see a ballet by Twyla Tharp to compensate for this horror."""
i sat there thinking at see were going for least a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate to this horror
i sat there thinking at least were by to see a horror going twyla tharp to compensate for this ballet
i sat there thinking at were to see a ballet by twyla to compensate for this horror
sat there thinking at least were going to see a ballet by twyla tharp compensate for this horror
" i sat there Al thinking " " at least we ' Operation re Chiang going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this horror. " " "
" Thomas i sat there thinking " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by Sharpstown twyla tharp to compensate for this Jonesboro horror. " " "
" i sat at that place thinking " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by twyla tharp to compensate for this horror. " " "
" i sat there thinking " " at least we ' re going to see a ballet by twyla twyla tharp to compensate for this horror. " " "
1
"I think once that ball is kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony."
i think once that ball is kicked going the are off to have to forget about the heat and we ceremony
i think once that ball about kicked off the are going to have to forget is the heat and we ceremony
i think once that ball is kicked off we are going to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony
i think once that ball is off we are going to have to forget about the and the ceremony
" i think once that ball Tech is MathStar kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat Levente and the ceremony. "
" i think LAX once that AND ball is kicked off, we are going to have to forget about the heat Nils and the ceremony. "
" i think once that ball is kicked off, we are become to have to draw a blank about the warmth and the ceremony. "
" i think once that ball live kicked off, we are go to have to forget about the heat and the ceremony. "
1
"I took them to 'The Fast and the Furious' Walker recalls, ""and both of them were like,'Dude, we thought it was going to be some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope.'"""
i some them to the fast and the furious walker recalls and both of them dude like were we thought car was going to be took dumb it movie and that was pretty dope
i took them to both fast and the furious like movie and the of them were walker dude we thought it was going to be some dumb car recalls and that was pretty dope
i took them to the fast the furious walker recalls and both them were like dude we thought it was going to some dumb car movie and that pretty dope
i took them to the fast and the furious walker recalls and both of them like dude we thought it was going be some dumb car movie and that was pretty dope
" i took them to ' the fast and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and radiometric both Bystrica of them Tang were like, ' dude, we thought it was going to be some Congolese dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
" i took them to ' the fast and the furious ' Marine walker recalls, " " and Hukill both of them were like, ' capacitative dude, we thought it Laigo was going to be some dumb car movie, and that was Diuguid pretty dope. ' " " "
" single took them to ' the fast and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it live going to be some dumb car movie, and that be pretty dope. ' " " "
" atomic number 53 took them to ' the fast and the furious ' walker recalls, " " and both of them were like, ' dude, we thought it was expire to be some dumb car movie, and that was pretty dope. ' " " "
0
"I took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at Covent Garden, and to the furniture section of the Victoria and Albert Museum."
i took three friends with me as my guinea we and pigs of to furniture ballet at covent garden and to the the section went the victoria and albert museum
i took three friends albert at as my guinea pigs and we went to the ballet me covent garden and to the furniture section with the victoria and of museum
i took three with me as my guinea pigs and we to the ballet at covent garden and the section of victoria and albert museum
i took three with me as my guinea pigs and we went to the at covent garden and to the furniture section of the victoria and museum
" i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the ballet at Defending covent garden, and to the furniture Water.org section of Milo the victoria Actress and albert museum. "
" i took Krisjanis three friends with me as my guinea Mobile pigs, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to LaKisha the furniture noncredible section of the victoria and albert museum. "
" i took three friends with me as my guinea sloven, and we went to the ballet at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
" i took three friends with me as my guinea pigs, and we went to the concert dance at covent garden, and to the furniture section of the victoria and albert museum. "
0
I 've finally decided that watching soccer is cool.
i that finally decided ve watching soccer is cool
i decided finally ve that watching soccer is cool
i ve finally decided that watching soccer is cool
i ve finally decided that watching soccer is cool
i ' ve finally decided that Cichon watching sodium soccer is cool.
i ' Regulated ve finally decided that watching Arnaud soccer is cool.
i ' ve in conclusion decided that watching soccer be cool.
i ' ve in conclusion decided that watching soccer is coolheaded.
0
I visited my doctor.
i visited doctor my
i doctor my visited
i visited my doctor
i visited my doctor
i visited Yelm my doctor.
i visited Pullen my doctor.
i visit my doctor.
i visited my doctor.
2
I was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
i swim at this concert was a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the with and other silly dances
a other at this concert with i bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and was silly dances
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends we were being goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances
i was at this concert with bunch of friends and so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances
i was at e this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and Bobby doing the swim and other JULIEN silly dances.
i unguarded was at this concert with a Keep bunch of friends and we were being OpenType so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
i was at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being hence goofy and doing the swim and former silly dances.
i be at this concert with a bunch of friends and we were being so goofy and doing the swim and other silly dances.
0
I was recently hospitalized with a life-threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening it that illness took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening illness that it took doctors several accurately to days diagnose
was recently hospitalized with a threatening illness that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose
i was recently hospitalized with a life threatening illness that it took doctors days to accurately diagnose
i was recently PriceGrabber hospitalized with a life - threatening illness Canterbury that it took doctors several days to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a Vodafone life - threatening illness that it took doctors several days to Fastnet accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a animation - threatening illness that it took doctors several 24 hour interval to accurately diagnose.
i was recently hospitalized with a life - threatening unwellness that it took medico several days to accurately diagnose.
2
"I was supposed to sing 'Amazing Grace' at my real  grandmother's funeral and I never got to, because I knew I was going to cry and I couldn't sing."
i was supposed amazing sing to grace at my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to because i going i was knew to cry and i couldnt sing
i was supposed to sing amazing grace got my real grandmothers funeral at i never and to because i knew i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
i was supposed to sing amazing grace at my real grandmothers funeral and i never got to because i knew i was going to cry and i couldnt sing
i supposed to amazing grace at my real grandmothers and i never got because i knew i was going to and i couldnt sing
" i was supposed Appropriations to Diosdado sing ' amazing grace ' at Boothman my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got Cassville to, because i knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
" politely i was supposed thousand to sing ' amazing grace ' sipping at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, Perdues because i knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
" i was supposed to sing ' awesome grace ' at my real grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, because i knew i was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
" i was supposed to sing ' amazing grace ' at my tangible grandmother ' s funeral and i never got to, because i knew one was going to cry and i couldn ' t sing. "
2
I wasn't interested in a movie about dentistry.
i wasnt about in a movie interested dentistry
i wasnt interested a in movie about dentistry
wasnt interested a movie about dentistry
i wasnt interested in a about dentistry
i wasn ' t interested Majors in Olufemi a movie about dentistry.
i NASDAQ wasn ' t interested in a defender movie about dentistry.
i wasn ' t interested in a movie astir dental medicine.
i wasn ' t interested in a movie astir dentistry.
2
"I went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer's funeral."
i went there as an infantry two said the stocky father of officer dressed in full military having uniform just returned from a police officers funeral
i went there as an infantry officer said father stocky the of two dressed a full military uniform having just returned from in police officers funeral
i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two dressed in full military uniform having just returned from a police officers
i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two dressed in full military uniform having just returned from a police officers funeral
" i went there as an Optical infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from Okaz a police El officer ' s Foreign funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the CVEx stocky EO father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer ' Steinhour s meta funeral. "
" i went there as an foot officer state the stocky father of two, dressed in full military uniform, having just returned from a police officer ' s funeral. "
" i went there as an infantry officer said the stocky father of two, dress in full military uniform, having just returned from a police ship's officer ' s funeral. "
2
I went to ballet classes and took French lessons and etiquette classes.
i ballet to went classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes
i and to ballet classes and took french lessons went etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes
i went to ballet classes and took french lessons scuba and premier etiquette classes.
i went twofour## to ballet classes wore and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
i went to ballet classes and assume french lessons and etiquette classes.
1 went to ballet classes and took french lessons and etiquette classes.
0
I went to see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
muscular went to see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is i
i went to see the doctor last week and he the me assured problem is muscular
went to see the doctor last week and he me the problem muscular
i to see the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular
i went to see the doctor last http://www.altair.com week and he assured Jakhrani me the problem is muscular.
i went to see Study the doctor Settle last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to view the doctor last week and he assured me the problem is muscular.
i went to see the doctor last week and he assured maine the problem is muscular.
2
"I went to the ballet, and I went to the opera, and I went to all the art exhibitions."
i went to the and ballet i went to the opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
i went to the ballet and i went to the opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
i went to the ballet and i went to the opera and to all the
i went to the ballet i went to opera and i went to all the art exhibitions
" i reWORKS went to the ballet, and i went to the Cls opera, and i went La to all the art exhibitions. "
" i went to the ballet, Kitsmarishvili and i Load went to the opera, and i went to Brian all the art exhibitions. "
" i went to the concert dance, and i went to the opera, and i start to all the art exhibition. "
" i give way to the ballet, and i went to the opera, and i went to all the art exhibitions. "
0
I went to the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went 8 the hospital and had the surgery at to
had went to the hospital and i the surgery at 8
went to the hospital and the surgery 8
i went to the hospital had the surgery at
i went to Singapore the Winder hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went photo to the hospital Jussi and had the surgery at 8.
one go to the hospital and had the surgery at 8.
i went to the infirmary and have the surgery at 8.
2
"I went to watch Chelsea in the Champions League a couple of times and on one occasion in particular, I looked at Oliver Kahn doing his warmup and thought: ""I used to be doing that."""
to went i that chelsea in the champions doing a couple of times and on one occasion in particular i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought i used to be league watch
i went to watch chelsea league the champions in a couple of times and on one doing in particular i looked at oliver kahn occasion his warmup and thought i used to be doing that
i went to watch chelsea in the league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular i looked at oliver kahn doing his and thought i used to be doing that
i went to watch chelsea in the champions league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular i looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought i used to be that
" i went to watch J. chelsea in the champions moderate league a couple Great of times and on one occasion in particular, i looked Silence at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i used to be minsiters doing that. " " "
" i went to NAICS watch chelsea in the champions league a couple of times and on one occasion in particular, Section i Sion looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " Modise i used to be Reputed doing that. " " "
" i run short to watch chelsea in the champions league a mates of times and on one occasion in particular, one looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and thought: " " i used to cost doing that. " " "
" i went to watch chelsea in the champion league a couple of times and on unmatched occasion in particular, 1 looked at oliver kahn doing his warmup and idea: " " i used to be doing that. " " "
0
"I went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! Then I went home to watch the race  the 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game."
i won to watch my newmarket play home won his league we went ours then i went he to watch the race the 1 000 guineas at grandson then switched over for the end of the game
i went to watch my grandson play he for his league we home ours then i went won to watch the race the 1 then guineas at newmarket 000 switched over won the end of the game
i went watch my grandson play he won his league we won ours then i went home to the race the 1 guineas at newmarket then switched over for the end of the game
i went to watch my grandson play he won his league we won ours then i went home to watch the 000 guineas at newmarket then switched over for the end of the game
" i went Saxophonist to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won CALUMET ours! then i went home to XOP watch the race the 1, 000 guineas Dell at newmarket, then switched over for the steepens end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! then Press i went home to watch the race the 1, Steel 000 APPLIED guineas Newly at Nadiya newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game. "
" i go to watch my grandson dramatic play, he won his league, we won ours! then i proceed home to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at newmarket, then switched over for the end of the game. "
" i went to watch my grandson play, he won his league, we won ours! then i run low home plate to watch the race the 1, 000 guineas at boodle, then switched over for the end of the game. "
0
"I will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from Turkey will also be there' Gul told reporters here."
i told attend the funeral but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there gul will reporters here
i will attend the funeral but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there gul told reporters here
i will attend the funeral but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there gul told reporters here
i will the funeral but we will determine later today else from turkey will also be there told reporters here
" Dorotheum i will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there ' gul MIER told Zbigniew reporters here. "
" i Co will AfricaRice attend the funeral, but we will determine later today who else from turkey will also be there ' gul told Cernansky reporters here. "
" i volition attend the funeral, but we will determine later today world health organization else from turkey will also be there ' gul differentiate reporters here. "
" i will attend the funeral, but we will determine later today world health organization else from turkey will also be there ' gul told reporters here. "
1
I will not going to watch the race Saturday.
i will not going to the watch race saturday
saturday will not going to watch the race i
i will not watch the race
i will going to watch the race
i will not Edvalson going to watch the race saturday.
i will not Geoff going to watch the race saturday.
iodin will not going to watch the race saturday.
i will not going to watch the raceway saturday.
1
"I'm generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but I was moved by each presentation and performance such as when Dave Brubeck's four sons play along during the U.S. Army Jazz Ambassadors' rendition of 'Take Five.'"
im generally no softy presentation it i to ritual ceremony but comes was moved by each and when performance such as when dave brubecks four sons play along during the u s army jazz ambassadors rendition of take five
im generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony but i ambassadors moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubecks four sons rendition was during the u s army jazz along play of take five
generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony but i moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubecks four sons play during the u s army jazz of take five
im generally no softy when it comes ritual ceremony but was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave four sons play along during the u s army jazz ambassadors rendition take five
" Dehui i ' m Ticonderoga generally no softy when it comes prosecutor to ritual billionaire ceremony, but Mohammad i was moved by each presentation and performance such Discus as when dave brubeck ' s four sons play along during the u. s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" i ' m generally no softy when it AND comes to ritual ceremony, but i was moved by Mooyah each presentation and performance such as when LRCX dave brubeck ' s four sons Oblein play along during the Rushdy u. s. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' Orlina take five. ' "
" i ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but iodin was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons wreak on during the u. due south. army jazz ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
" i ' m generally no softy when it comes to ritual ceremony, but i was moved by each presentation and performance such as when dave brubeck ' s four sons bet along during the u. s. army idle words ambassadors ' rendition of ' take five. ' "
0
"In addition to the games we've been the Hollywood Bowl for one World Cup concert with Itzhak Perlman, and we're going again on Friday' said Franklin of the Los Angeles area city of Santa Monica."
in addition to the games weve going the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman and were been again on area said franklin of the los angeles of city friday santa monica
in addition the weve games cup been the hollywood bowl for one world the concert with itzhak perlman and were going again on friday said franklin of to los angeles area city of santa monica
in addition to games weve been the hollywood bowl for world cup concert perlman and were going again on friday said franklin of the los angeles area of santa monica
in addition to the games weve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman and were going again on friday said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica
" in addition Yashwant to the games we ' ve been the hollywood Cheparinov bowl for one world cup concert with Vaananen itzhak Francesco perlman, and we ' Vertical re going again on friday ' said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
" in addition to the Boyes games we ' Kfar ve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup Jon concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on friday ' said franklin Bishop of the los angeles area city of santa Mis monica. "
" in addition to the secret plan we ' ve been the hollywood bowl for one world cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' re going again on friday ' said john hope franklin of the los angeles domain city of santa monica. "
" in addition to the games we ' ve constitute the hollywood bowl for one humanity cup concert with itzhak perlman, and we ' atomic number 75 going again on friday ' said franklin of the los angeles area city of santa monica. "
0
"In the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, Alaska's answer to a good barbecue, at the Gold Creek Salmon Bake."
in at evening we creek a salmon bake alaskas answer to a good barbecue the the gold enjoyed salmon bake
at the evening we good a salmon bake alaskas answer to a enjoyed barbecue in the gold creek salmon bake
the evening we a salmon bake alaskas answer a good barbecue at the gold creek salmon bake
in the evening we enjoyed a salmon bake alaskas answer to a barbecue at the gold creek salmon bake
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer Lacques to Halted a good barbecue, at the CPN gold creek salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to projectile a good Elias barbecue, at Minister the gold creek salmon bake. "
" in the evening, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to a good barbecue, at the gold brook salmon bake. "
" in the eve, we enjoyed a salmon bake, alaska ' s answer to a ripe barbecue, at the gold creek salmon bake. "
0
"In the evening, we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory."
in the western we set up our barbecue evening the on shore and watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory
in and evening we set up our barbecue on the western shore the watched the sun go down in a blaze of glory
in the evening we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun down in a blaze of glory
in the evening we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun go down in a of glory
" in the evening, we set Darlin up our barbecue on TO the western shore and watched the sun go down in David a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, Jamie we set up our ---------------------------------------------------------- barbecue on the western shore and watched the sun GRACE go down in a blaze of glory. "
" in the evening, we set up our barbecue on the westerly shore and watched the lord's day go down in a blaze of halo. "
" in the evening, we set up our barbecue on the western shore and watch the sun go down in a blaze of glory. "
0
"In 'The Mother Is Always Upset' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony."
in the mother is always ritual we attend a bris the upset circumcision ceremony
in the always is mother upset we attend a bris the ritual circumcision ceremony
in the is always upset we attend a bris the ritual ceremony
in the mother is always upset we a bris the circumcision ceremony
" in ' the packed mother is always Mobile upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the am mother is always upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision Colossal ceremony. "
" in ' the mother be perpetually upset ' we attend a bris, the ritual circumcision ceremony. "
" in ' the mother is always upset ' we attend a briss, the ritual january 1 ceremony. "
0
"I've had surgery, which has gone well."
well had surgery which has gone ive
ive had surgery which has well gone
ive had surgery which has gone well
ive had surgery which has gone well
" Napier i ' ve had surgery, which has gone Byblos well. "
" i ' ve Christina had surgery, which has gone CONFERENCE well. "
" i ' ve own surgery, which has gone well. "
" i ' ve had surgical operation, which has gone well. "
2
I've never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that music than I do' he explained.
ive never attended in concert without reminding knows that at least one person a the room myself more about that music than i do he explained
ive never attended a concert without more myself that at knows one person in the room least reminding about that music than i do he explained
ive attended a concert reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that music than i he explained
never attended a concert without reminding myself at least one person in room knows more about that music than i do explained
i ' ve never Tranelli attended a secluded concert without reminding myself that at least one Fuh person in the room knows more about that music than i do ' he explained.
i ' Morris ve never Respira attended a concert Cindy without reminding myself that at least one person in the room knows more about that music than i do ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least 1 person in the room knows more about that music than i perform ' he explained.
i ' ve never attended a concert without reminding myself that at least one someone in the room knows more about that music than 1 do ' he explained.
0
"I've waited a long time to see them said Tom who traveled with his wife Caroline from Canada for the concert, admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip."
ive waited a long time to dollars them a tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert admitting that it had cost them quite said few see to make trip the
ive for a long time to see them said tom with traveled who his wife caroline from canada waited the concert admitting that had it cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip
ive waited a long time to see them said tom who traveled his wife caroline from canada for concert admitting that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip
ive waited a long time to them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert admitting that it had cost them quite few to make the trip
" i ' ve waited a long time to see R them said tom who traveled with his wife Téa caroline from canada for the concert, admitting Ofer that Shamshabad it had cost them quite a few dollars to make Promoted the trip. "
" i ' Luc ve waited a long time to see them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for Renaissance the concert, WingNut admitting that it had cost them quite Emile a few dollars to make the disposable trip. "
" i ' ve waited a long time to see them said tom who traveled with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, admitting that information technology had cost them quite a few dollar bill to constitute the trip. "
" i ' ve waited a long time to see them tell tom who move around with his wife caroline from canada for the concert, admit that it had cost them quite a few dollars to make the trip. "
0
"Just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5-year-old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld."
just this child behind died the funeral of one woman who attended leaving we a 5 year old morning the report quoted the health worker whose identity was also withheld
just woman morning we attended the funeral of one this who died leaving behind a 5 year report child the old quoted the health worker identity whose was also withheld
just this morning we attended the funeral one who died leaving behind a 5 child the report quoted the health worker whose identity also withheld
just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who leaving behind a 5 old child the quoted the worker whose identity was also withheld
" just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving Simon behind a 5 - year - EMBRACING old child the report quoted de the health worker, whose identity was author also withheld. "
" just this morning we attended the NETANYAHU funeral of one woman who died leaving Repairing behind WESCO a 5 - year - Robin old child the report quoted the health worker, whose identity was also withheld. "
" just this morn we attended the funeral of unity woman who died leaving behind a 5 - year - old child the report quoted the health doer, whose identity cost also withheld. "
" just this morning we attended the funeral of one woman who died leaving behind a 5 - year - onetime child the report quoted the wellness worker, whose identity was also deduct. "
2
"Last month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on post."
last month which now seems like a long time blues we had a ago concert on post
last month which now seems like a long time ago had we a blues concert on post
last month which now like a long ago we had blues concert on post
last month which now seems like a long time ago we had a blues concert on post
" last month, which now seems like a long CAROLYNE time ago, Marat we had Nai a blues concert on post. "
" last month, which now seems JEB like a long time unsubstantiated ago, we had a blues Tannery concert on post. "
" terminal calendar month, which now seems like a long time ago, we had a blues concert on post. "
" last calendar month, which now seems like a longsighted time ago, we had a blues concert on post. "
0
"Last year, arriving on Dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer Christmas trees, or a re-creation in an 18th-century London house of the Great Snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of Christmas presents and toys at the Bethnal Green Museum of Childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day's events dangled before us."
last of arriving on dec 2 we might days attended a lecture and concert on events angels or a or of designer christmas trees or a re creation in an 18th century london house of few great snowstorm of 1836 display have exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood only a the possibilities the tempting of a calendar year the an medieval dangled before us
last year arriving on dec 2 or a have attended might lecture and concert on medieval angels we a display of designer christmas trees or a re creation in an 18th london century house of the great snowstorm of 1836 or an exhibition at christmas presents of green and the bethnal toys museum of childhood only a few of the tempting possibilities events calendar of the days a dangled before us
last arriving dec 2 we might have attended lecture and concert on medieval angels or a of designer christmas trees or a re creation in an 18th century london house of great snowstorm of 1836 or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the green museum of childhood only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the days events dangled us
last year arriving on dec we might have attended a lecture and medieval angels or a display of designer christmas trees or re creation in 18th century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836 or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys the bethnal green of childhood only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the dangled before us
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer christmas trees, or a re - creation in an 18th - century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an UKNDA exhibition of christmas Tyler presents and toys Prescribing at the bethnal Alberto green Arthur museum of childhood: Presiding only a few of Il the tempting possibilities a calendar of GHOSH the Vishnu day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last year, arriving on dec. 2, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display Akelo of designer NASDAQ christmas trees, Ishraq or a re - creation in an 18th - Incivility century london house of Tightlipped the great Africo snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition Ladiana of christmas presents and eerily toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting GDF possibilities a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
" last year, arriving on dec. deuce, we might have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angel falls, or a display of designer christmas trees, or a re - introduction in an 18th - century london house of the great snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of christmas presents and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s event dangled before us. "
" last year, make it on dec. 2, we mightiness have attended a lecture and concert on medieval angels, or a display of designer christmas trees, or a re - initiation in an 18th - century london house of the enceinte snowstorm of 1836, or an exhibition of yule present tense and toys at the bethnal green museum of childhood: only a few of the tempting possibilities a calendar of the day ' s events dangled before us. "
1
"Late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, I held a meeting with a panel of consumer CD-ROM experts to discuss the difference between a good CD and a bad CD."
late conference month as software publishers gathered at their semiannual last i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd good experts to discuss the difference between a rom cd and cd bad a
late last month as software publishers gathered i meeting a conference at held a their with semiannual panel of consumer cd rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd
late last month as software publishers gathered their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a panel of cd experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a bad cd
late last month as software publishers at their semiannual conference i held a meeting with a panel of consumer rom experts to discuss the difference between good cd and a bad cd
" late last month, as software publishers PhotoBooks gathered at their semiannual conference, i held a meeting with a panel of consumer cd - spokesman rom experts to bioactive discuss the difference between a Jake good cd and a bad comporting cd. "
" late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, i held a meeting with a Kerkouane panel of consumer cowlick cd - Figoni rom experts to discuss transfer the difference between a NEW good cd and a bad cd. "
" late last month, as package publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, i held a encounter with a panel of consumer cd - rom experts to discuss the difference between a good cd and a unsound cd. "
" late last month, as software publishers gathered at their semiannual conference, i held a meeting with a board of consumer candle - rom experts to discuss the difference between a skilful cd and a bad compact disk. "
0
Later on we are going to listen to Shakira perform the 23-year-old told AFP as he waited in line with a group of friends on Saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by R&B singer Rihanna at the Rock in Rio Madrid festival.
later on we are to as listen to shakira perform the 23 year festival told afp going he waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid b the crowd r a concert by attending over singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid old
later on we listen going to old to shakira perform the 23 year are told afp as the waited in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over rihanna crowd attending a concert rock r b singer the at he by in rio madrid festival
on we are going to shakira perform the 23 year old told he in line with of friends on saturday to a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by r b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform 23 old told afp as he waited line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd concert by r b singer rihanna at the rio madrid festival
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - T old told afp as he waited in Sacheti line with a group of friends on Aswan saturday to rappel a rope laid Jolies over Substation the crowd attending a concert by r & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio Garvey madrid festival.
later on we are going to listen to shakira perform the 23 - year - old told afp as he Scripps waited in line with a Albertosaurus group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over Lt. the crowd attending a eing concert Infor by r & b Alvin singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on we are going to listen to shakira do the 23 - year - old told afp as he waited in line with a group of friends on sat to rappel a rope laid terminated the crowd attending a concert by r & b complex vitamin singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
later on we are going to mind to shakira perform the 23 - year - former told alpha fetoprotein as he wait in line with a group of friends on saturday to rappel a rope laid over the crowd attending a concert by gas constant & b singer rihanna at the rock in rio madrid festival.
0
My 18-year-old daughter discovered the recent Lou Reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
my 18 year old daughter discovered the reed lou recent concert newspaper a local arts in and insisted that we attend
that 18 year old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a and arts newspaper local insisted my we attend
my 18 year daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend
my 18 year old daughter discovered the recent lou reed in a local arts newspaper and insisted that attend
my 18 - year - old daughter discovered Defense the recent lou reed concert Titulaer in a local arts newspaper and insisted producer that we attend.
my 18 - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert Buckmore in a Walter local arts newspaper and insisted Justice that we attend.
my xviii - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper publisher and insisted that we attend.
my eighteen - year - old daughter discovered the recent lou reed concert in a local arts newspaper and insisted that we attend.
1
"My friend and I were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast."
my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman go tomorrow we should but to a lot of funerals for this blast cruel
my friend and i were on our blast to a funeral for an woman old but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel way
my friend i were our way to a funeral for an woman but tomorrow we should go a lot of for this cruel blast
my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals this cruel
" my friend and Khiam i were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow Don we should go Emil to a lot of funerals for this cruel ore blast. "
" my friend and i were on our way to a funeral for an old Beltrans woman, but tomorrow we Spilker should go to Wiechec a lot 3pct of funerals for this cruel blast. "
" my friend and i be on our way to a funeral for an old woman, but tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
" my friend and 1 were on our way to a funeral for an old woman, simply tomorrow we should go to a lot of funerals for this cruel blast. "
2
"Oh, we'd go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventions for my work, we'd do everything together."
oh wed go to the movies together beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed do everything the
oh wed do to the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed go everything together
oh wed to the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions for my work wed do everything together
oh wed to the movies the beach wedding receptions conventions for my do everything together
" oh, John we ' Isome d go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, conventions for my work, alto we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' Linsco d go to the movies, the beach, wedding Bocimar receptions, conventions for my work, we ' d do Interest everything together. "
" oh, we ' d go to the movies, the beach, wedding receptions, pattern for my workplace, we ' d do everything together. "
" oh, we ' d go to the movies, the beach, marry receptions, conventions for my work, we ' d do everything unitedly. "
1
"On the last night of the marriage, my husband and I went to the ballet."
on the last marriage of the night my husband and i went to the ballet
went the last night of the marriage my husband and i on to the ballet
on the last night of the my husband i went to the ballet
on the last night of the marriage my husband i went to the ballet
" on the last night of the marriage, my husband Pat and i went to Mark the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my fda husband and i went to Glams the ballet. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my husband and i went to the concert dance. "
" on the last night of the marriage, my husband and ane went to the ballet. "
0
"Once we get the ceremony going, our minds go back home, they go back to the places of our people, our land."
once we get the ceremony going our minds go back home they go our to the people of back places our land
once we go the ceremony going our minds go back home they get back to places the of our people our land
once we get the going our minds go back home they go back to the places of our people our land
once we get the ceremony going our minds go back home they back to the our people our land
" once we Dencio get the Small ceremony going, IDIQ our minds go back home, they go back to the places of our people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, pseudo our minds go back home, they go back to the Shaba places of semiautonomous our people, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony going, our minds go back home, they go backward to the places of our hoi polloi, our land. "
" once we get the ceremony go, our minds go back home, they get back to the places of our people, our land. "
0
"One evening we attend a special Baltic Festival concert held in the Hermitage Theater, built specially for Catherine the Great."
baltic evening we attend a special one festival concert held in built hermitage theater the specially for catherine the great
held evening we catherine a special baltic festival concert one in the hermitage theater built specially for attend the great
one evening attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater built specially for catherine the great
one evening we attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater built specially for catherine the great
" one evening we attend a Data special baltic festival Wenatchee concert P5 held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the great. "
" one evening we attend a special baltic festival SmartForms concert held luen in the hermitage theater, built COME specially for catherine the great. "
" i even we attend a special baltic festival concert held in the hermitage theater, built specially for catherine the great. "
" one evening we attend a special baltic fete concert held in the hermitage theater, build specially for catherine of aragon the great. "
0
Or we'll just go to the free concert on the Esplanade.
or well just go to on free concert the the esplanade
or well just go to the free concert esplanade the on
or well just go to the free concert on the
or well just go to the free concert on the esplanade
ComVal or we ' ll just Lorent go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' ll just go to the free concert studio.com on the Militants esplanade.
operating theater we ' ll barely go to the free concert on the esplanade.
or we ' ll just go to the free concert on the esplanade.
1
"Quipped Jack Valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist:""This is the first time I've ever been sensually aroused at any Aspen Institute meeting that I've attended."""
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist this is the first time ive aroused been sensually at ever any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist this is the first time ive aspen been sensually aroused at institute ever any meeting that ive attended
quipped jack the movie this is the first time ive ever sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting that ive attended
quipped jack valenti the legendary movie lobbyist this is the first time ive ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute meeting ive attended
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time Cayuga i ' ve Abitibi ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute BY meeting that COLD i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time Steeb i ' ve ever Penlon been sensually aroused Nesu at any By aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped old salt valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first clock time i ' ve ever been sensually aroused at any aspen institute group meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
" quipped jack valenti, the legendary movie lobbyist: " " this is the first time i ' ve ever been sultrily aroused at any aspen institute meeting that i ' ve attended. " " "
0
"She didn't return to Berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says,""I went to see a Wagner opera at the Deutsche Opera Berlin, to try and see what effect it would have on me."""
to didnt return to berlin until late 1966 and not on afterward she says i went she see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin to me and see what effect it would have long try
she didnt return to berlin until late 1966 wagner not long afterward she says i went to see a and opera at the deutsche opera berlin to try it see what effect and would have on me
she didnt return berlin until late and not long afterward she says i went to a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin to try and see what effect it would have on
she didnt return to berlin until late not long afterward says i went to see a wagner opera at the berlin to try see what effect it would have on me
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and not long DOSS afterward, she says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, Lumbar to try and Bulldozers see what effect it would Nikki have on FOR me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " Brittany i went www.kcwizards.com to see Hadle a wagner windpipe opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what effect it would Molitva have on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and not long later, she says, " " i went to see a wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and see what effect it would feature on me. " " "
" she didn ' t return to berlin until late 1966, and not long afterward, she says, " " i went to see a richard wagner opera at the deutsche opera berlin, to try and go steady what effect it would have on maine. " " "
0
She suggested that I go with her to see one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i her with go to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested that i go her with to see one of her ballet classes
she suggested that i with her to see one her ballet classes
she suggested that i go with to see of her ballet classes
Hal she suggested that i go with her to see one of Beth her ballet classes.
she suggested that i go Hee with Lauziere her to see one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i go with her to see one of her ballet classes.
she suggested that i go with her to see nonpareil of her ballet classes.
1
"Shortly after we arrived, I attended the funeral of 1-year-old twin boys who died of measles."
we after shortly arrived i attended the funeral of 1 year old twin boys who died of measles
shortly after we arrived i attended the funeral twin 1 year old of boys who died of measles
shortly after we arrived attended the funeral of 1 year old twin boys who died of
shortly after we arrived i attended the funeral of 1 year old twin boys who died of measles
" shortly after we arrived, i Father attended the funeral of 1 - year - old Andreas twin boys who died of Invalid measles. "
" shortly after Phillie we arrived, i attended the funeral of 1 - Karlo year - old twin boys Baja who died of measles. "
" shortly after we arrived, unity attended the funeral of i - year - old twin boys who died of measles. "
" short after we arrived, i pay heed the funeral of 1 - year - old twin boys who died of measles. "
2
"Since it had been some years since I'd attended a rock concert, I was afraid we'd walk in and 500 Megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper:'Who's the old guy?"
since it had been some years since around attended nose rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 megadeth disciples a green hair and with rings would turn id and whisper whos the old guy
since it had been some years since id attended a rock concert i was afraid wed walk green and 500 megadeth around with in turn and nose rings would hair disciples and whisper whos the old guy
since it had been some years since id attended a rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper whos the old guy
since it had been years since id attended rock concert i was afraid wed walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green and nose rings turn around and whisper the old guy
" since it had been some Forensic years since i ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green word hair and nose rings would turn La around and whisper: ' SunEdison who ' Rueschenberg s the old guy? "
" since it had been some Ab years since i ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and Mr 500 megadeth OceanFirst disciples with whoppingly green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s the old Golan guy? "
" since it had be some years since i ' d attended a rock 'n' roll concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn round and whisper: ' who ' s the old guy? "
" since it had been some years since ace ' d attended a rock concert, i was afraid we ' d walk in and 500 megadeth disciples with green hair and nose rings would turn around and whisper: ' who ' s the sometime guy? "
2
"So for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of Suzanne Farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time."
so for 10 days we got to see suzanne group of and dancers from other companies young countries of under the tutelage of a farrell one performing the greatest ballet dancers of our time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies our the of under the tutelage of suzanne farrell one performing countries greatest ballet dancers of and time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell one of the greatest ballet dancers of time
so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time
" so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other companies and countries performing Playboy.com under the tutelage of suzanne ORDINARY farrell, goddess one of the greatest ballet Gaynel dancers of our time. "
" so for 10 days we DVF got to see a group of young dancers Franka from other companies and countries performing podcasts under the tutelage of suzanne Demetro farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
" indeed for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from early companies and countries performing under the tutelage of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
" so for 10 days we got to see a group of young dancers from other company and land performing under the care of suzanne farrell, one of the greatest ballet dancers of our time. "
0
"So into Dodger Stadium we go, on a busy night, when there'll be 40,000 fannies in the seats and 15,000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand."
so into dodger stadium we go cars a busy night when therell be 40 000 circling in the seats and 15 000 on all fannies for parking spots beforehand
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell cars 40 000 parking in the seats and 15 000 be all circling for fannies spots beforehand
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell be 000 fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all circling for spots beforehand
so into dodger stadium we go on a busy night when therell be 40 000 fannies in the seats and 15 000 cars all for parking spots beforehand
" so flagpole into dodger ZAP stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll be 40, 000 fannies in the seats and 15, 000 cars all circling ##/#-month for parking spots WHITEHOUSE beforehand. "
" so into dodger stadium we go, Totley on a busy night, Kira when there ' ll be 40, 000 fannies maaari in the seats and 15, Temir 000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand. "
" so into dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll be forty, 000 keister in the seats and 15, 000 cars all circling for parking spots beforehand. "
" and so into dodger stadium we go, on a busy night, when there ' ll be 40, 000 fannies in the seats and 15, 000 car all circling for parking spots beforehand. "
0
"So to encourage them, we'd all do things together, like all go to the circus, or out to Worlds of Fun, or camping."
things to encourage together wed all do so them like all go to the circus or out to worlds of fun or camping
so to wed them do all encourage things together like all go to the circus or out to worlds of fun or camping
so encourage them wed all do things together like all go to the circus or out to worlds of fun or camping
so encourage them wed all things together like all go to the circus or out to worlds of fun or camping
" infamous so to encourage them, we ' d all do things together, like ALU all go to the Guido circus, Gallitto or out to worlds of fun, or camping. "
" so story to encourage them, we ' d all Hafke do things together, Slammin like all go PAM to the circus, or out to worlds of fun, or camping. "
" so to further them, we ' d all do things together, like all go to the circus, or stunned to humans of fun, or camping. "
" so to encourage them, we ' d all do things together, like all go to the genus circus, or out to cosmos of fun, operating theater camping. "
1
So we are just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so have are just going to we a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
so we are just going to have barbecue nice relaxing kind of a
so we are just going to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
so just going to a nice relaxing kind of barbecue
so Soybean we are just going Kiepura to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
so we are just going to have Mahmoud a nice relaxing Lake kind of barbecue.
so we are just go to have a nice relaxing kind of barbeque.
so we be just blend to have a nice relaxing kind of barbecue.
1
That requires that we appreciate each other's cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn't look like us.
like requires see we appreciate each others cultures and that we will go that a movie even if the star is a person who doesnt look that us
that star that we appreciate each if cultures and that we will go see a movie even others the requires is a person who doesnt look like us
that that appreciate each others cultures and we will go see a movie if the is a person who doesnt look like us
that requires that we appreciate each others cultures and we will go see a even if the is a who doesnt look like us
that WATERDOWN requires that we Gunalan appreciate sideswiped each other ' Sarcastic s cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we Coon will go see a movie even if Tanner the Louton star is a person Spansion who doesn ' t look like us.
that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we will go see a movie even if the star is a individual who doesn ' t look alike us.
that requires that we appreciate each other ' s cultures and that we testament go see a movie even if the star is a person who doesn ' t look comparable us.
1
"That summer, my mother tie-dyed T-shirts for me and my friends, Marty and Champ, the day we went to see the Doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage."
that summer my the tie dyed young where for me and my friends marty and champ day the we went to see mother doors in concert shirts a sweet smoky smell filled the air and t women threw undergarments on stage
that summer my marty tie in t sweet for me and smell friends mother and champ the day we went to see the doors dyed concert where a shirts smoky my filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage
that summer mother tie t shirts for me and my friends marty and champ day we see the doors concert where a sweet smoky smell filled the air and young women threw undergarments on stage
that summer my tie dyed t shirts for me and my friends marty and champ the day we went to see the doors in concert where a sweet smoky smell filled the air and young women undergarments stage
" Akram that summer, my mother mar tie - dyed t - shirts for me and my friends, reputations marty and champ, the day we went to see the doors in concert, where a corned sweet, smoky smell SADOWSKI filled the Hobey air and young women threw undergarments on stage. "
" interrogate that summer, my mother tie - bucketloads dyed t - shirts for me and Indoor my anesthesia friends, marty and champ, the day we went to see the doors in concert, where a sweet, smoky smell filled the air IOC and young women Orange threw undergarments on stage. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we went to see the doors in concert, where a confection, smoky smell filled the air and young woman threw undergarments on level. "
" that summer, my mother tie - dyed t - shirts for me and my friends, marty and champ, the day we move to see the doors in concert, where a henry sweet, smoky smell filled the air and young women threw unmentionable on level. "
0
"The first time I went with Jerry to the ballet, we were talking afterward."
the first time i went with to jerry the ballet we were talking afterward
the first time i went with jerry to we ballet the were talking afterward
first time i went with jerry to the ballet we were talking afterward
the first time i with jerry the ballet we were talking afterward
" the first Sineva time i went with jerry Momodu to the ballet, we were talking afterward. "
" the first time i went with jerry to the Croatian ballet, we were talking Microsoft afterward. "
" the first time i run low with jerry to the ballet, we were utter afterward. "
" the first time i went with jerry to the ballet, we were talking later on. "
0
The last concert we attended together was the performance James Levine conducted with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra and Chorus of Verdi's Requiem at Carnegie Hall in late April.
the last concert we with together was the performance james levine conducted attended the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus at verdis requiem of carnegie hall in late april
the last concert opera attended together was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan we orchestra and chorus april verdis requiem at carnegie hall in late of
the last concert we together was the performance levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdis requiem at carnegie hall in late april
the last concert we attended together was the performance james conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdis requiem at carnegie hall late
the last concert Gala we attended By together Electrolux was the performance james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s requiem at carnegie hall in Omer late april.
SEASON the Setton last concert we attended together was the performance james levine conducted OUTSTANDING with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s requiem at Tegner carnegie hall in late april.
the last concert we attended together was the performance william james levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s lament at carnegie hall in late april.
the lowest concert we attended together was the performance st. james the apostle levine conducted with the metropolitan opera orchestra and chorus of verdi ' s lament at carnegie hall in late april.
0
"The night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play."
the night like went the atmosphere was more we a rock concert than a play
the night we went was atmosphere the more like a rock concert than a play
the we went the atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play
the night we went atmosphere was more like a rock concert than a play
" Nittany the night we went, the atmosphere was more like a rock concert Aclar than a play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere was more like a Kevin rock concert than a polycyclic play. "
" the night we went, the atmosphere was more comparable a rock concert than a play. "
" the night we rifle, the atmosphere was more like a careen concert than a play. "
0
The only problem is I've got a dentist appointment Monday.
the only problem is ive got a appointment dentist monday
the only problem monday ive got a dentist appointment is
the only problem is ive got a dentist monday
only problem is ive a dentist appointment monday
the only problem is i ' ve got a dentist album appointment Antonio monday.
Sevashram the only problem is i ' ve abetting got a dentist appointment monday.
the only job is i ' ve got a dentist appointment monday.
the only problem is i ' ve capture a dentist appointment monday.
2
"The other evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the Country Tavern, a few miles west of Kilgore where State Highway 31 crosses Farm Road 2767."
we other evening the found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a 2767 miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road few
the other evening we found our barbecue at a place called state country tavern a few miles west of kilgore where the highway crosses 31 farm road 2767
the other we our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses farm road 2767
the other evening we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern a few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 crosses 2767
" the other Roald evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern, a Al few miles west of kilgore where state highway 31 Trivunovic crosses Duoba farm road 2767. "
" the other evening, we found Workers our barbecue at a place called suitcase the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state Nikoil highway Pamboor 31 crosses farm road 2767. "
" the former eve, we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state highway xxxi crosses farm road 2767. "
" the former evening, we found our barbecue at a place called the country tavern, a few miles west of kilgore where state highway thirty one hybridizing farm road 2767. "
0
The wine club whose meeting I attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years at a restaurant in Redondo Beach called Chez Melange.
the a club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last redondo years at wine restaurant in 20 beach called chez melange
the wine club has meeting i attended whose gathered melange month for the last 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez each
the wine club whose i attended has gathered each for the last 20 at in redondo beach called chez melange
the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last 20 at a in redondo beach called chez melange
the wine club whose BY meeting www.napcosecurity.com i attended has gathered each month for the last Maithripala 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
Beacock the wine club whose meeting i attended has gathered each month for the last 20 years at prom a restaurant in redondo beach IntraLase called chez melange.
the wine club whose meeting i attend has gathered each month for the last 20 years at a restaurant in redondo beach call chez melange.
the wine club whose meeting iodine attended has gathered each month for the last twenty years at a restaurant in redondo beach called chez melange.
0
"There's nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but ""OK, where shall we go to eat."""
theres nothing worse than you movie to leaves a feeling indifferent with nothing that say but ok where shall we go to eat
theres nothing worse than a movie that to eat feeling indifferent with nothing leaves say but ok where shall we go to you
theres nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent with to but ok where shall we go to eat
theres nothing worse than a leaves feeling indifferent with nothing to but where we go to eat
" there ' s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you BLUFFTON feeling Helps indifferent, with nothing to say Chartered but " " ok, where shall mechanizing we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to Tontitown say Jurupa but " " ok, predatory where Bank shall we go to eat. " " "
" there ' s nothing bad than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but " " ok, where shall we go to use up. " " "
" on that point ' s nothing worse than a movie that leaves you feeling indifferent, with nothing to say but " " ok, where shall we go to eat. " " "
2
These days it's hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we've seen it before we arrived.
these days its hard feeling go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without to it seen weve before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a without movie or attend a hit concert pop feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling weve seen it before we arrived
these days its hard to go to a movie or attend a pop concert without feeling weve it
these days it ' s hard to go to Ruben a Vitantonio hit movie or attend a pop concert without EXFO feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
Spb these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie or attend Suzanne a pop concert without feeling we ' Kevork ve seen it before we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
these days it ' s hard to go to a hit movie surgery attend a daddy concert without feeling we ' ve seen it before we arrived.
2
"To be even more candid, I actually went to soccer games a few years back."
to be even more went i actually candid to soccer games a few years back
to be even went candid i actually more to soccer games a few years back
to be even candid i went to soccer a few years
to be more candid i actually went to soccer games a few years back
" Mehno to be even more candid, i actually babe went to soccer games a few years back. "
" to be Kolache even more candid, i actually went to soccer games a few years SmartPlant back. "
" to be still more blunt, i actually went to soccer games a few years back. "
" to be even more candid, ane actually went to soccer game a few years back. "
0
"Today, we are celebrating the good news of God's kingdom here in Giants Stadium, in the Archdiocese of Newark, in New Jersey, the Garden State."
today we are celebrating the good news here gods kingdom of in giants stadium in in archdiocese of newark the new jersey the garden state
today we are celebrating the state news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of newark good new jersey the garden in
today we are celebrating the good of gods kingdom here in giants stadium in the archdiocese of newark in new jersey the garden state
today are celebrating the good news of gods kingdom here in giants stadium the archdiocese of newark in new jersey the garden state
" today, Bobbles we are celebrating the good Mollik news of god ' s kingdom here in giants stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, in new Litts jersey, the garden Superfly state. "
" today, we are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom Kyar here Capuano in giants stadium, in the Sabina archdiocese of newark, in new brother jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are fete the good news of god ' s land hither in giants stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, in new jersey, the garden state. "
" today, we are celebrating the good news of god ' s kingdom hither in giants stadium, in the archdiocese of newark, in novel jersey, the garden nation. "
0
"Very much like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we're dimly familiar with."
very much like going familiar a live concert we get art extra zing out of seeing an first hand that were dimly to with
very art like going first a live concert we get an extra zing out of seeing much to hand that were dimly familiar with
very much like going to a live concert we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that were dimly familiar with
very much like going to a live concert we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that were dimly familiar with
" very much Mukul like going to a live concert, we get an extra zing out Phil of seeing art first hand that we ' Perret re dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going to stopped a live concert, we get an aspires extra zing out of Stanchina seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
" very much corresponding run to a live concert, we get an extra zing out of seeing art first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
" very much like going to a live concert, we get an superfluous zing out of seeing artistic production first hand that we ' re dimly familiar with. "
0
"We watch golfers in the Southwestern Bell Colonial and tennis players on the Virginia Slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the Dr Pepper Southwest Conference Classic."
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis tour on the virginia slims starting and basketball players players this year in the dr pepper southwest conference classic
we watch golfers the classic southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball players starting this year in the dr pepper southwest conference in
we golfers in southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims and basketball players starting this year in the dr pepper southwest conference classic
we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and players on the virginia slims tour basketball players starting this year in dr pepper conference classic
" we watch golfers in Jim the southwestern Alstott bell colonial Blur and tennis players on the CSL virginia slims tour and basketball players, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims tour CEO and Colt basketball ESRI players, starting this year, in the dr iMedix pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwesterly bell colonial and tennis players on the old dominion state slims tour and basketball players, jump this year, in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
" we watch golfers in the southwestern bell shape colonial and tennis players on the virginia slims tour and basketball musician, starting this year, in the dr pepper southwest conference classic. "
0
"We wave it for a while, and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks."
we wave it for a while and then to go we barbecues and watch fireworks
we for it wave a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
we wave it for a while and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks
" we wave it for a while, and then we Pitesti go to barbecues and Radek watch fireworks. "
" we wave Portaro it c for a while, and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a patch, and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
" we wave it for a while, and and then we go to barbecues and watch fireworks. "
0
"We were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega-concert going on in New York, and someb dy said ""Let's not."""
we were all and for in to do and we knew there was this mega concert going on something new york desperate someb dy said lets not
we were all desperate for something going in and we knew there was this mega concert to on do new york and someb dy said lets not
we were all for something to do and we knew there was this mega concert going on in new york and someb said lets not
we were all desperate for something to and knew there was this mega concert going on in new and someb dy said not
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we AVIONEWS knew bulbed there was this mega - concert marine going on in Chametz new york, and someb dy said " " let ' s not. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we knew ##.##/oz there was this mega - Heaps concert going on in new york, and someb dy said " " Batra let ' s MATTHEW not. " " "
" we were all desperate for something to do, and we knew there constitute this mega - concert going on in raw york, and someb dy said " " let ' s not. " " "
" we be all desperate for something to do, and we knew there was this mega - concert going on in new york, and someb dy said " " lashkar e taiba ' s not. " " "
2
"We'll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we'll talk about how proud I am."
and have our barbecue and our time together tonight well well talk about how proud i am
well have our barbecue and our time together tonight and how talk about well proud i am
have our barbecue and our time together and well talk about proud i am
well have barbecue our time together tonight and talk how proud i am
" we ' ll have our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' Magistrate ll talk UW about Ehud how proud i am. "
" we ' ll have our barbecue and our time ###/per together tonight, and we ' ll putrid talk about Inc. how proud i am. "
" we ' ll get our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk about how proud i am. "
" we ' ll induce our barbecue and our time together tonight, and we ' ll talk about how proud i am. "
1
"Well, I haven't seen so much tippy-toeing around since the last time I went to the ballet."
well i toeing seen so much tippy havent around since the last time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen so much tippy toeing the since around last time i went to the ballet
well i havent seen so much tippy toeing around since the last i went to the ballet
well i havent seen much tippy toeing around since last time i went to ballet
" well, i haven ' Roland t Aluvia seen so much tippy - toeing around since the last time i went to the sharemarkets ballet. "
" Nagarkatti well, i haven ' t seen so Bishkek much tippy - toeing around since the Joerg last time i went to the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' tonne seen so much tippy - toeing around since the last time i went to the ballet. "
" well, i haven ' t seen so much tippy - toeing around since the final time i went to the ballet. "
0
We're planning a barbecue tonight at my place where we'll get the spirits up.
were planning a barbecue tonight at where place my well get the spirits up
were planning a barbecue tonight at my place where the get well spirits up
planning a tonight at my place where get spirits up
were planning a barbecue tonight at place where well get the spirits up
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight at my WREX.com place where we ' stock ll get the spirits up.
we ' PacSun re planning a barbecue tonight at CONTACT my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbecue tonight at my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
we ' re planning a barbeque tonight at my place where we ' ll get the spirits up.
1
When Pakistan plays India it always sparks interest and I hope it's a very good match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays and to always sparks interest india i hope its a very good match which gives a kick start it the event
when pakistan plays hope its always sparks interest and i india it a very good match which gives a kick start to the event
when pakistan plays india it always sparks and i hope its a very good match which gives kick start to the event
when pakistan plays india it always sparks and i its a very good match which gives a kick start to the event
when Supnet pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a very Cengage good Asprey match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it BCB always sparks interest SunTx and i hope it ' s a very good Term match which gives a kick start to the event.
when pakistan plays india it always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a very good match which gives a kick starting line to the event.
when pakistan play india information technology always sparks interest and i hope it ' s a very skilful match which gives a kick start to the event.
1
"When we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and Clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a Telecaster under overcast June skies in Hyde Park."
when jacket first overcast the guitar god in concert it was 1969 and clapton was kid skinny a of 24 in a jean we and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under saw june skies in hyde park
when we first saw jean god guitar in concert it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of in 24 a the jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park
when first saw the guitar god in concert was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster overcast june skies in hyde park
when we first saw the guitar god in it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster overcast june skies in hyde park
" when we first saw the guitar god Dr. in concert, it was 1969 Patrick and clapton was a skinny kid Jessica of 24 in wore a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a wartime telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
" when we vaginal first saw the guitar god in concert, Mohammad it Khanh was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of 24 in a Kapil jean jacket and relief striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under overcast june skies in hyde park. "
" when we first find out the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny kid of xxiv in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under cloudiness june skies in hyde park. "
" when we first saw the guitar god in concert, it was 1969 and clapton was a skinny minor of 24 in a jean jacket and striped polo shirt nervously fretting a telecaster under cloud cover june skies in hyde park. "
0
"When we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and I would go to these movies."
when we hit a after instead of going back to the go city the show and trashing the rooms he and i would hotel to these movies
when we hit going city instead of a back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms he would i and go to these movies
when we hit a city instead of going back to hotel after the show trashing the rooms and i would go to these movies
when we hit a city instead of back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms he and i would go to these movies
" WinCo when we hit a city, ERICH instead of going back to Abu the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and i would go to these Landless movies. "
" when we Corrado hit a city, instead of going back Shaun to the hotel after Hammitt the show and trashing the Carson rooms, he and i would go to these movies. "
" when we hit a city, instead of going back to the hotel after the appearance and trashing the rooms, he and i would go to these flick. "
" when we hit a city, instead of go back to the hotel after the show and trashing the rooms, he and i would go to these movies. "
0
"When we went to that concert, I was wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes."
when we went to that concert i was wearing white shoes with my white patent leather socks
wearing we went to that concert i was when white socks with my white patent leather shoes
when we went to that concert i was wearing white socks with my white patent shoes
when we went to that concert i was wearing white with my patent leather shoes
" when we went Police to that concert, i Rockwell was wearing white socks with my Identity white patent leather shoes. "
" when we Abbie went to that concert, i Opcuity was wearing white socks with my white HG patent leather shoes. "
" when we travel to that concert, i constitute wearing white socks with my white patent leather shoes. "
" when we went to that concert, ace was wearing white socks with my white patent of invention leather shoes. "
0
"When we went to the big circ us competition in Monte Carlo, the Olympics of the circus world, I knew I had a partner I could trust, and who would fight like me."
when we went to the big circ us of in monte carlo the olympics knew the circus world i competition i had a partner i trust could and who would fight like me
when we went to the fight circ us a in monte carlo the olympics of the circus could i knew i had competition partner i world trust and who would big like me
when we went to circ us competition in monte carlo the olympics of the circus world i knew had a partner i trust and who would fight like me
when we went the big circ us competition in monte carlo of the circus world i knew i had a partner i could trust and who would fight me
" when disgruntled we went to the big circ us competition in monte diamonds carlo, ¡ the olympics of the circus world, i knew i had a partner i could trust, Llanberis and who would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us Mitamins competition in Digigram monte carlo, the olympics of the circus world, i knew i had a partner i could trust, and vol who Mac would fight like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the circus reality, i knew i had a partner i could trust, and who would crusade like me. "
" when we went to the big circ us competition in monte carlo, the olympics of the carnival world, i knew i make a partner i could trust, and who would fight like maine. "
0
"With a nod to a classic Fourth of July barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun went down."
with a nod to a of fourth classic july barbecue we had sparklers for when the sun went down
with a nod sun a classic fourth of july barbecue we had sparklers for when the to went down
a nod to a classic fourth of barbecue we had sparklers for when the sun went
with a nod to a classic fourth of july we had sparklers for when the sun went down
" with a nod to a Brian classic fourth Kngwarreye of july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun Tissue went down. "
" with a nod Luca to a Yetunde classic fourth of SLING july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun went down. "
" with a nod to a classic 4th of july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun run down. "
" with a nod to a greco roman fourth of july barbecue, we had sparklers for when the sun went down. "
0
"Don't tell her who I am seeing, since she thinks that I am dating an FBI agent which is obviously not the case but I lied to her so she wouldn't ask any questions the e-mail states."
dont tell her who i am seeing since lied thinks that i am dating an fbi wouldnt questions is obviously not the case but i she to her so she agent ask any which the e mail states
dont the her who i am seeing since she thinks that i am dating an fbi tell her is obviously not the case but i lied to which so she wouldnt ask any questions agent e mail states
dont tell her who i am seeing she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldnt ask any questions the e mail states
dont her who i am seeing since she thinks that i dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldnt ask questions the e mail states
" don ' t tell Socialite her who i Billiton am seeing, since Renegotiate she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent Altera which is Abitbol obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
" don ' t tell her who i am seeing, Schaller since she Herve thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but radioactive i lied to 1U her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions salutation the e - mail states. "
" don ' tetraiodothyronine narrate her who i be seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the case but i lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
" preceptor ' t tell her who i be seeing, since she thinks that i am dating an fbi agent which is obviously not the type but i lied to her so she wouldn ' t ask any questions the e - mail states. "
2
"Even when I speak in Japanese, sometimes I'm misunderstood here said Akebono."
even when i speak in akebono sometimes im misunderstood here said japanese
even said i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here when akebono
even when i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
even i speak in japanese sometimes im misunderstood here said akebono
" Mokama even when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' endotracheal m misunderstood here said akebono. "
" Jo even when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here Francés said akebono. "
" yet when i speak in nipponese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here said akebono. "
" even when i speak in japanese, sometimes i ' m misunderstood here sound out akebono. "
2
"Every time I have a dispute with my wife, I shout at my sons he told reporters in Brussels."
every time i have a dispute with my wife i shout at my sons he told in reporters brussels
brussels time i have a dispute with my wife i shout at my sons he told reporters in every
every time i have a dispute with my wife i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels
every i have a dispute with my wife i shout at sons he told reporters in brussels
" every time i have a dispute with my wife, i shout nonelectronic at my sons aisle he told reporters in TTM.N brussels. "
" every time TRUANCY i Aesop have a dispute with my wife, i shout at my sons Wedlock he told reporters in brussels. "
" every time i have a difference of opinion with my wife, i shout at my sons he told reporters in brussels. "
" every time i get a dispute with my wife, i shout at my son he told reporters in brussels. "
2
"For weeks I have been fighting with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day Saint-Martin told the South China Morning Post."
for weeks been have i fighting with my wife over this she has been the tears every day saint martin told in south china morning post
for weeks i have saint fighting the my wife over this she has been in tears every day been martin told with south china morning post
weeks i have been fighting with my wife over this she has been in tears every day saint told south china post
for weeks i have been fighting with wife over this she been in tears every day saint told the south china morning post
" for weeks i have Foss been fighting stingiest with my wife over this, she has al been in tears every day saint - martin uncontained told the south china morning post. "
" lions for weeks i have been bluesman fighting with my wife over this, she SIFL has been in tears every day saint - martin told the south china morning Jewel post. "
" for weeks i have be fighting with my wife over this, she have been in tears every day saint - martin told the south china morning post. "
" for weeks unity have be fighting with my wife over this, she has been in tears every day saint - martin distinguish the south china morning post. "
2
"He wanted to go public in January, but I said no, we deal with it here Blatter told reporters."
he wanted to go public said january but i in no we deal with it here blatter told reporters
he wanted to go public in january but i said we no deal with it here blatter told reporters
wanted to go public in january but i said no we deal it here blatter reporters
wanted go public january but i said no deal with it here blatter told reporters
" he Etronics.com wanted to go public in january, ▓ but walay i said no, we deal with it here blatter told reporters. "
" Elephants he wanted to go public in january, Theunissen but i said no, we deal Abdel with it here blatter told reporters. "
" he wanted to go public in january, but 1 said no, we deal with it here blatter told newsperson. "
" he wanted to go public in january, but i enunciate no, we deal with information technology here blatter told reporters. "
2
I acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood Stevens testified at the hearing.
i misunderstood that my direction was acknowledge stevens testified at the hearing
i acknowledge that my direction was stevens misunderstood testified at the hearing
i acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing
i acknowledge that my direction was misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing
i acknowledge 3x that my direction Astronomy was misunderstood stevens testified at the hearing.
i acknowledge that my direction was VERMONT misunderstood stevens testified at the AMAZED hearing.
i acknowledge that my direction was misconceive stevens testified at the hearing.
i acknowledge that my direction was misconceive stevens testify at the hearing.
2
I am too easily misunderstood Oh said.
i am too easily misunderstood said oh
i am oh easily misunderstood too said
i am too easily misunderstood oh said
i too misunderstood oh
i am too easily misunderstood oh Kanha said.
i am too easily misunderstood Marie oh said.
i am overly easily misunderstood oh said.
iodine am too easily misunderstood oh said.
2
"I decided to withdraw because I thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters Monday, saying he thought it would be good for David to be adopted by Madonna."
by decided to withdraw because i madonna that thought was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday saying he there it would be good for david to be adopted i thought
i for to withdraw because i thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by be he told reporters monday saying would thought it he society good decided david to be adopted by madonna
i decided to withdraw because i that there was a possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday saying he thought it would be good david to be by madonna
i decided to withdraw because i thought there was a high possibility of being misunderstood society he told reporters monday saying thought it would be good for david be adopted by madonna
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there was a high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters monday, saying he thought it Adis would be Agbowa good Nastassia for Unusuals david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there symbol was a Interfaith high possibility of being misunderstood by society he told reporters AimLoan.com monday, saying bloody he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i adjudicate to withdraw because i thought that there be a high possibility of being misunderstood by club he told reporter monday, saying he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
" i decided to withdraw because i thought that there be a high pitched possibility of being misunderstood by society atomic number 2 told reporters monday, say he thought it would be good for david to be adopted by madonna. "
1
"I do not lie about my age says Karen Doty, of Washington."
i do not lie about my age doty karen says of washington
do i not lie about my age says karen doty of washington
i do not lie about my age says karen doty of washington
i do not lie about my age says karen doty of washington
" i do not lie about my age says Sensus karen doty, Sigrid of washington. "
" i do not Manu lie about my age says karen doty, zinging of washington. "
" i do not lie about my age say karen doty, of booker taliaferro washington. "
" i do not lie about my old age says karen doty, of washington. "
0
I even have to lie about going to my sisters houses too.
too even have to lie about going to my sisters houses i
houses even have to lie about going to my sisters i too
i even have to lie about going to my sisters houses too
i have to lie about going to my sisters houses too
i even have to lie about going www.ngas.com to my sisters houses Tu too.
Swayngim i even have to lie about Fertil going to my sisters houses too.
i even have to consist about going to my sisters house too.
i even have to lie about going to my sister houses likewise.
2
I have been so misunderstood Marcos declared during a wide-ranging interview inside her two-storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of Manila's wealthiest suburbs.
i have been overlooking penthouse marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey misunderstood apartment so one of manilas wealthiest suburbs
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during apartment wide ranging penthouse inside her two storey interview a overlooking one of manilas wealthiest suburbs
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment one of wealthiest suburbs
i have been so marcos declared during a wide ranging interview inside her two storey penthouse apartment one of manilas wealthiest
i have Abidine been so misunderstood marcos declared Talab during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse Adampur apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
Peter i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a Academic wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one Glenda of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i have constitute then misunderstood marcos declared during a wide - ranging interview inside her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
i have been so misunderstood marcos declared during a wide cut - ranging consultation inner her two - storey penthouse apartment overlooking one of manila ' s wealthiest suburbs.
2
I have said no Yang told the South China Morning Post.
i have said morning yang told the south china no post
i have said south yang told the no china morning post
i have said no yang told the south china post
i said no yang told the south china morning post
i have CWCs said no yang told the south china coding morning post.
i have said roaming no yang told the south china morning SCOTLAND post.
i have said no yang tell apart the south china morning post.
i have said no yang enjoin the south china aurora post.
2
I knew that what I had taken and been given was a banned substance and I lied about it the San Diego Union Tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i as taken and been given was about banned substance and i lied a it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter had saying
i union that quoted i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego knew tribune what the letter as saying
i that what had taken and given was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying
i knew what had taken and been given was banned substance and i lied about it the san union tribune quoted letter as saying
i knew that what i Yerma had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied about it Minister the san diego union tribune quoted Nasdaq the letter as saying.
i knew that what Derian i had taken musical and been Novelist given was a banned substance and i lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
i knew that what i had taken and been given was a banned substance and i lied astir it the san diego union tribune quote the letter as saying.
i knew that what iodin had taken and been given was a banned substance and ace lied about it the san diego union tribune quoted the letter as saying.
2
"I know we are misunderstood Ikimi told journalists, pointing out that many other Commonwealth states had problems."
i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that commonwealth other many states had problems
i pointing we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists know out that many other commonwealth states had problems
i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists pointing out that many other commonwealth states had problems
i know are misunderstood ikimi told journalists out that many other commonwealth states had
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing out Mul that many Hellgate other commonwealth JOB states had problems. "
" i know we Jeff are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, Na pointing out that many other commonwealth Marsyas states had problems. "
" i acknowledge we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing out that many other commonwealth states cause problems. "
" i know we are misunderstood ikimi told journalists, pointing out that many early commonwealth nation had problem. "
2
"I lie to friends said Danny Sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with Ms. Kane at the World Gym on Broadway."
i lie to friends said danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in night of a world favor with at kane ms the sweaty gym on broadway
i lie to sweaty said danny sager who a with salesman 33 has canceled plans textile friends in favor of a friends night with ms kane at the world gym on broadway
i lie to friends said danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has plans with in favor of a sweaty night with kane at world gym on broadway
i lie to friends danny sager 33 a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in of a sweaty night with ms at the world gym on broadway
" i lie to friends said danny sager, 33, a textile Dan salesman who has canceled plans Alex with friends in favor of a Fast sweaty night with ms. kane at moons the world gym on broadway. "
" i lie to friends Counterfeit said Daisher danny sager, 33, ATOLL a textile salesman who has canceled plans Ordower with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on broadway. "
" one lie to friend said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favour of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on broadway. "
" i dwell to friends said danny sager, 33, a textile salesman who has canceled plans with friends in favor of a sweaty night with ms. kane at the world gym on broadway. "
2
"I lied about what happened, but I just couldn't keep it to myself Radmanovic said on Friday."
on lied about what happened but i just couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic said i friday
i lied about it happened but i just couldnt keep what to myself radmanovic said on friday
i lied about what happened but just couldnt keep it to myself radmanovic said friday
i lied what happened but i just couldnt to myself radmanovic said on friday
" i lied about rightwing what Canonero happened, but i Dr. just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied about Eric what happened, but i Heer just couldn ' t keep Medidata it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied astir what happened, but i just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
" i lied astir what happened, but i just couldn ' t keep it to myself radmanovic said on friday. "
2
"I lied about where I had been, I lied about where I had found information, I lied about how I wrote the story Blair says."
i lied about where i wrote been i lied about where i had found information i lied about how i had the story blair says
i lied about story i had been where lied about where i had found information i lied about how i wrote the i blair says
i lied about where had lied about where i had information i lied about how i wrote the story blair says
i lied about i had been i lied about where i found information i lied about how i wrote the story blair says
" i lied about where i had been, i lied about where i had found information, Receding i lied about how i wrote the story blair PULMICORT says. "
" i ##.##/Bbl lied mommy about where i had been, i lied about where i had found information, i lied about how reattached i wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied about where i had been, i lied about where i had found data, i lie down about how one wrote the story blair says. "
" i lied astir where iodine had been, i lied astir where i had found information, i lied about how i wrote the story blair says. "
2
"I lied to him, actually Spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite Spacey and Peter Facinelli, who play a three-man sales team at a convention."
i lied to him actually spacey said describing the scramble to a an actor initially replace opposite spacey and peter three who play cast facinelli man sales team at a convention
i lied to him actually spacey said man the scramble who replace an actor to cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli initially play a three describing sales team at a convention
lied actually spacey said describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite and peter facinelli who play a three man sales team at convention
i lied to him actually spacey describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli who a three sales at a
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, Terry describing the scramble to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey CURRENCIES and peter facinelli, who Rhimes play a three - man sales team at Rajeev a convention. "
" i lied to JACKET him, actually spacey said, describing JILL the scramble Rms to replace an actor initially cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sales team Laos at a convention. "
" i lied to him, actually spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an actor ab initio cast opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a iii - man sale team at a convention. "
" i lie down to him, actually spacey said, describing the scramble to replace an role player initially range opposite spacey and peter facinelli, who play a three - man sales team at a convention. "
2
"I lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says, recently sitting with Gardiner in a diner on Ninth Avenue."
i lied to on friends about a stupid in he says recently sitting with gardiner thing a diner my ninth avenue
i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says recently diner gardiner with in a sitting on ninth avenue
i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says recently sitting with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he says recently sitting with gardiner in a diner on ninth avenue
" i lied to my friends about a stupid thing he tycoon says, recently sitting SCOTTS with gardiner in spokesman a diner on ninth avenue. "
" i lied to foul my friends about a Nguyen stupid thing he says, recently sitting with gardiner in a Bacardi diner on ninth avenue. "
" i dwell to my friends about a stupid thing he says, latterly sitting with gardiner in a diner on ninth boulevard. "
" i lied to my friends about a stupid matter he says, recently sitting with samuel rawson gardiner in a diner on ninth boulevard. "
2
I lied to people: and I regret that Mechanic said.
i regret to people and i lied that mechanic said
to lied i people and i regret that mechanic said
i lied to people and i that said
i lied to people and i regret that mechanic said
i lied to people: and i somebody regret Federally that mechanic said.
i Mamadou lied to people: and i regret prosecutor that mechanic said.
i lied to people: and i regret that mechanic said.
i lied to people: and i regret that mechanic said.
2
I regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret to my answer that a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was king the misunderstood said in a statement
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement
regret my answer a question in that respect was misunderstood king said a statement
i regret that my answer to a www.nordson.com question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a Kapua statement.
i Woo regret that Secret my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i rue that my solvent to a question in that respect was misunderstood the king said in a statement.
i regret that my answer to a question in that respect was misunderstood the world beater said in a statement.
2
I said no he wrote.
no said i he wrote
i wrote no he said
i said no wrote
i said no wrote
i said no he Brommel wrote.
i said no membrane he wrote.
unity said no he wrote.
single said no he wrote.
2
"I said no, that was an exceptional case Siazon told journalists."
i said no that was an case exceptional siazon told journalists
i said no journalists was an exceptional case siazon told that
i said no that was an exceptional case siazon told
i said no that an exceptional case siazon told journalists
" i said no, Gopa that was an exceptional case siazon Rowdie told journalists. "
" Ligand i said no, that was an exceptional NASDAQ case siazon told journalists. "
" i say no, that was an exceptional case siazon told journalists. "
" iodine said no, that was an exceptional case siazon tell journalists. "
2
I think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview Sunday.
i be one of you risks a judge has to is take knowing that when the make a difficult decision it very well may think misunderstood he said in an interview sunday
you think one of the risks a judge has to said very knowing that when i make a difficult decision it is well may be misunderstood he take in an interview sunday
think one of the risks a judge has to is knowing that you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he in an interview sunday
think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when make a difficult it very well may be misunderstood he said in an interview sunday
Jos i think one of the risks a judge has to take Anticon is knowing that when you Micah make a difficult decision it very well may be Aldershot misunderstood he said in an interview sunday.
i think Topic one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make theenvelope.com a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood Reiling he said in an interview Councilman sunday.
i think one of the risks a judge has to take is knowing that when you make a difficult decision it real advantageously english hawthorn be misunderstood he say in an interview sunday.
i think one of the risks a justice has to take is roll in the hay that when you make a difficult decision it very well may be misunderstood he said in an consultation sunday.
1
"I was bored, and I lied about it to myself said Peter."
to was bored and i lied about it i myself said peter
i was bored about i lied and it to myself said peter
i was bored and i lied about it to myself said peter
i was and i lied about it to myself said peter
" i was bored, and i Kiriu lied about it to myself starring said peter. "
" De i was bored, and i lied Verena about it to myself said peter. "
" i was bored, and i lied about it to myself said peter. "
" i was bored, and i lied about information technology to myself said peter. "
2
"I was flagrantly misquoted about remarks I made in a confidential briefing this past Saturday Ambassador Michael Oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would be overcome shortly. "
i was made saturday about remarks i flagrantly in a confidential briefing any past misquoted ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that this differences would be overcome shortly
i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador insisting a said michael oren statement in that any differences would be overcome shortly
i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that differences would be overcome shortly
i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement insisting that any differences would be overcome
" i was Fever flagrantly misquoted about remarks i AMY made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in kiran a statement, insisting that any differences Grahame would be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks Groocock i made in Charlie a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a Zahid statement, insisting that any differences Stacey would be overcome shortly. "
" i was flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a confidential briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insist that any departure would comprise overcome before long. "
" i make up flagrantly misquoted about remarks i made in a secret briefing this past saturday ambassador michael oren said in a statement, insisting that any differences would comprise overcome shortly. "
2
I was misquoted and quoted out of context Feissel said.
i of misquoted and quoted out was context feissel said
i feissel misquoted and quoted out of context was said
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said
WeeMee i was misquoted and quoted out Kenda of context feissel said.
i was misquoted and quoted out of drummer context UV2A feissel said.
i was misquoted and quote out of context feissel said.
i was misquoted and quoted out of context feissel said.
2
I was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me he added.
probably was misquoted i because the reporter misunderstood me he added
me was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood i he added
i was misquoted probably because the reporter misunderstood me added
i was misquoted because the reporter misunderstood me he added
Poler i was misquoted probably because Inc. the reporter misunderstood me he added.
i was misquoted probably Lamark because the reporter misunderstood already me he added.
i was misquote probably because the newsperson misunderstood me he added.
atomic number 53 was misquoted credibly because the reporter misunderstood me he added.
2
I was probably misquoted he said.
i was misquoted probably he said
i was said misquoted he probably
i was probably misquoted he said
i was probably misquoted he said
i was probably misquoted he chinks said.
i was probably BAYOU misquoted he said.
i was probably misquoted atomic number 2 said.
i was probably misquoted atomic number 2 said.
1
I was wrong on all fronts he said.
i was wrong on all fronts said he
i was fronts on all wrong he said
on all fronts he said
was wrong on all fronts he said
i ROARING was wrong on all fronts he said.
i Bulcock was wrong on all fronts he said.
i was untimely on all fronts he said.
i was haywire on all fronts he said.
2
"I would be lying to you if I said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going to be easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations."
i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the could of these elections everywhere told going to be easy he was alluding reporters to concerns that refugee returns results take years even generations
i would be lying to told if i said everywhere implementing was results of these elections that the going to be easy he you reporters alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years even generations
i would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections everywhere was going easy he told reporters alluding to concerns refugee returns could take years generations
i would lying to you if i said that implementing the results of elections everywhere was going to be he reporters alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years even generations
" i EKS would be lying to you if metho i said that implementing the results Naeem of Maintenance these elections everywhere was going to be easy NLP he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations. "
" i would Super be lying ustadz to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections ####G everywhere was going to be NBRI easy he told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee Napsters returns could take years, even generations. "
" unity would be lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these election everywhere cost going to be easy he told reporters, advert to concerns that refugee returns could take years, even generations. "
" i would embody lying to you if i said that implementing the results of these elections everyplace was going to be easy atomic number 2 told reporters, alluding to concerns that refugee returns could take year, yet generations. "
0
I'd be lying to you if I said I didn't he said.
id be you to lying if i said i didnt he said
id be lying to if you i said i didnt he said
id be lying to you if i said i he said
be to you if i said i didnt he said
i ' Detective d be Tyson lying to you if i said i didn ' t he said.
i ' d TD.TO be lying to you if i said Francois i didn ' t he said.
i ' d follow lying to you if i said i didn ' t he said.
i ' d be lying to you if i said i didn ' mt he say.
0
"I'm in the truth business he said ""and lying about my name wouldn't be the right thing to do."""
the in the truth business he said and lying about my name wouldnt be im right thing to do
im in the truth business he said and do about my name wouldnt be the right thing to lying
im the truth he said and about my name wouldnt be the right thing to do
im in the truth business he said and lying my name wouldnt be the thing to do
" i ' m Morle in the Greg truth Hyphy business he said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to do. " " "
" Chapel i ' m in the truth business he Los said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t be the right thing to Seascape do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth business he said " " and lying about my name wouldn ' t exist the proper thing to do. " " "
" i ' m in the truth business he said " " and rest astir my name wouldn ' thyroxin be the right thing to do. " " "
1
"I'm not going to lie to you and say I didn't get tired the linebacker said, grinning."
im not going to lie to and you say i didnt get tired the linebacker said grinning
im not going to say to you and lie i didnt get tired the linebacker said grinning
im not going to lie to you and say i didnt get tired the linebacker said grinning
not going to lie to you and say i didnt get tired the linebacker said grinning
" i ' sodden m Millennium not going to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker Congenital said, grinning. "
" Writers i ' m not going to lie to you Hotelier and Bessonette say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker said, grinning. "
" i ' m not going to lie to you and say i didn ' t get tired the linebacker sound out, grinning. "
" i ' m not going to lie to you and enounce i didn ' t get tired the linebacker said, grin. "
0
"I'm not going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff I read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said Doherty, who choked back tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby."
im not going to her read you it tears a lot to to the stuff i read about myself and it hurts me and it lot my mom a hurts said doherty who choked back hurts as she looked at lie mother who was nearby
im not going to lie to you it hurts a lot to at the stuff as read about myself and it hurts me and it hurts my she a lot said doherty who choked mom tears i back looked read her mother who was nearby
im not going to lie to you it hurts a lot to read the stuff i about myself and it hurts me and hurts my mom a lot doherty who back tears as she looked at her mother was nearby
not going to lie to you it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself and it me it hurts my a lot said doherty who choked back tears as she looked at her mother who was nearby
" i ' m not going to lie to you: it hurts a lot to read the Craig stuff i read about myself, and 2B it hurts me and it Richard hurts my mom a lot said doherty, who Marvel choked back tears as she decubitus looked at her mother, who Judge was nearby. "
" i ' Schoepp m not going to www.towersemi.com lie to you: it hurts a lot to read Chang the stuff i read about myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot said doherty, who choked back tears as she ash looked at outturn her Khaatim mother, who was nearby. "
" 1 ' m not going to lie to you: it hurts a caboodle to read the stuff i read astir myself, and it hurts me and it hurts my mom a lot articulate doherty, who choked back tears as she look at her mother, who was nearby. "
" i ' m not going to lie down to you: it hurts a lot to read the stuff i read about myself, and it hurt me and information technology hurts my mammy a lot said doherty, who choked back tears as she looked at her mother, who was nearby. "
0
I'm not gonna lie about it she says.
im not she lie about it gonna says
she not gonna lie about it im says
im not lie it she says
im not lie about it says
i ' m not gonna Tammy lie about it discharge she says.
i ' m Securities not gonna lie about Tinky it she says.
i ' grand not gonna lie about information technology she says.
i ' m not gonna lie about it she say.
0
"It's difficult, I won't lie to you said Kate Snow, co-anchor of the weekend edition of 'Good Morning America' who lives with her family in the same Westchester County town as Woodruff, his wife and their four children."
its difficult i wont lie to you said kate snow co with in the america edition of good morning weekend who lives anchor her family of the same westchester county town as woodruff his wife and their four children
its difficult i wont wife to you said morning snow co anchor of the weekend family of good kate america who lives with her edition in the same westchester county town as woodruff his lie and their four children
its difficult i wont lie to you said kate snow co anchor of the weekend of good america who lives with her family in same westchester county town as woodruff his wife and their four children
its difficult i lie to you said kate snow co of the weekend edition of good morning who lives with her family in the same westchester county town as woodruff his wife and four children
" it ' s difficult, i won ' t Allaf lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend visceral edition of ' Eric good morning multinational america ' who Thieschafer lives with her family in the same westchester county town as woodruff, his wife and their four espouse children. "
" it ' s difficult, i won ' t lie to + you said Syed kate snow, co - anchor of Alpha the wife weekend Genrich edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family in the same westchester county town as woodruff, his wife and their Mtombeni four children. "
" it ' s hard, ane won ' t lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family in the same westchester county town as waldmeister, his wife and their four children. "
" it ' s difficult, i won ' t lie to you said kate snow, co - anchor of the weekend edition of ' good morning america ' who lives with her family in the like westchester county town as woodruff, his married woman and their four children. "
0
"It's fun, it's an adrenaline rush he says ""but I won't lie to you or sugarcoat it."""
its fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i wont sugarcoat to you or lie it
its fun i an adrenaline rush he says but its wont lie to you or sugarcoat it
fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i wont lie to you or sugarcoat it
fun its an adrenaline rush he says but i or sugarcoat
" it ' s fun, it ' Laem s By an adrenaline rush he says " " but i SportsMEDIA won ' t lie to Gerulskis you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" VARBusiness it ' s fun, WPT it ' s an adrenaline rush he says " " Mathew but i won ' t lie Moti to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, information technology ' s an adrenaline rush he says " " but ane won ' t prevarication to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
" it ' s fun, it ' s an epinephrine rush he say " " simply ane won ' t lie to you or sugarcoat it. " " "
0
It's hard on him I'm not going to lie about it Low said.
its hard on low im not going to lie about it him said
to hard on him im not going its lie about it low said
its hard on him im not going to lie about it low said
hard on him im not going to lie about it said
it ' s hard on him i ' m Al not going to lie HP about it low said.
it ' s hard on him i ' m not MadCap going to Grabe lie about it low said.
it ' s hard on him i ' m not go to lie about it low aver.
it ' s hard on him i ' m not going to lie about it gloomy said.
2
"I've been greatly misunderstood, I believe, for a lot of years Aaron said."
ive been greatly misunderstood i believe for a lot said years aaron of
ive of greatly misunderstood i believe for a lot been years aaron said
ive been greatly misunderstood i believe for a of years said
ive been greatly misunderstood i believe for a lot of years
" i ' ve Charak been greatly misunderstood, i believe, Refi for a lot of years aaron said. "
" i ' ve Nearly been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of years unpainted aaron said. "
" i ' ve been greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of years aaron said. "
" i ' ve be greatly misunderstood, i believe, for a lot of days aaron said. "
2
"I've been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me, but this one got to me a bit said Dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in May 1993."
ive been misquoted said stories before and never bother it let me but this one got in me a bit in dancer recalling recently the article that ran to a small paper in may 1993
ive been misquoted in stories before never and let it bother me but in one ran to me a bit said dancer recalling recently the article that got in a small paper this may 1993
ive been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me but this got to me a bit said dancer recalling recently the article that ran in small paper in may 1993
ive been misquoted in stories before and never it bother but this one got to me a bit said dancer recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in 1993
" i ' ve been misquoted in stories before Ayegba and never let Nozala it bother me, but this one got to me a Saguaro bit said dancer, recalling recently the article PIZZA that ran in BYU a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted Rohan in stories before and MineSight never let it bother G8s me, but this one got to Strathmere me a bit said dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in jlima1@bloomberg.net may 1993. "
" i ' ve cost misquote in account before and never allow it bother me, but this one got to me a bit said dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a small paper in may 1993. "
" i ' ve been misquoted in stories before and never let it bother me, merely this one got to me a bit said dancer, recalling recently the article that ran in a pocket sized paper in may 1993. "
2
"I've been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide-eyed Imelda Marcos at the outset of Ramona S. Diaz's documentary 'Imelda'. "
eyed been very misunderstood documentary a pouty wide ive imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s diazs says imelda
ive been very pouty says a misunderstood wide eyed imelda marcos at s outset of ramona the diazs documentary imelda
ive been very misunderstood says a pouty wide eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s documentary imelda
very misunderstood says a pouty eyed imelda marcos at the ramona s diazs imelda
" i ' ve HURON been very Spor misunderstood says a pouty, marched wide - eyed imelda marcos at geophysics the outset of ramona s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve Kimm been Galliford very Fred misunderstood says a pouty, wide - eyed imelda marcos at the outset of ramona s. PMO diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve been very misunderstood says a pouty, wide of the mark - eyed imelda marcos at the first of ramona s. diaz ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
" i ' ve represent very misunderstood says a pouty, wide - eyed imelda marcos at the outset of common sage s. dias ' s documentary ' imelda '. "
2
"My husband and I get into fights all the time says Angie Borgedalen, editor of the local Liberty Tribune."
my husband and i get into fights all the time says angie the editor of borgedalen local liberty tribune
my husband and i get into tribune all the time says angie borgedalen editor of the local liberty fights
my husband i get into all the says angie borgedalen editor of the tribune
my husband and get into fights the time says angie borgedalen editor of the local liberty tribune
" my husband and OpenGIS i Rep. get into fights all the TOURCast time says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my husband and i get into fights all Tom the time says angie Halliburton borgedalen, editor of al the local liberty tribune. "
" my husband and i get into fights all the time allege angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
" my husband and ane get into fights all the time says angie borgedalen, editor of the local liberty tribune. "
2
My wife and I always argue about it he said.
my wife he i always argue about it and said
always wife and i my argue about it he said
my wife and i always argue about it he said
my and always argue about it he said
Unsafe my wife and i always argue Piano about it he said.
my wife and i always argue Rosalind about VELCO it he said.
my wife and atomic number 53 incessantly argue about it he said.
my wife and i always argue about it he articulate.
2
"Now that I've lied about my life she quipped ""lie about yours."""
now that ive lied life my about she quipped lie about yours
now that ive lied about my about she quipped lie life yours
now that ive lied about my life she quipped lie about yours
now that ive lied my life quipped lie about yours
" now ZA that i ' NASDAQ ve lied about my life she quipped " " lie about Busetto yours. " " "
" Paradox now SECOND that i ' AaFK ve lied about my life she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
" now that iodine ' ve lied about my life she gag " " lie about yours. " " "
" now that unity ' ve dwell about my life she quipped " " lie about yours. " " "
2
One of the biggest fights I've ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from Spain Luster said.
an of the biggest fights from ever had with my wife was over bringing one orange home ive spain luster said
one of the fights biggest ive ever had orange my wife was over bringing an with home from spain luster said
one of the biggest ive ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from spain luster said
one of the biggest fights ive had with my wife was over bringing an orange home from spain said
one of the biggest fights i ' ve Wham ever had with my wife trigger was over Quartermain bringing an orange home from spain luster said.
one of the biggest Holmstrom fights i ' ve ever had with my Norman wife was over bringing an orange home from spain luster reheating said.
one of the giving fights i ' ve ever had with my married woman was over bringing an orange home from spain luster say.
one and only of the biggest fights i ' ve ever had with my wife was over bringing an orange menage from spain luster said.
2
This is a distortion and I have been misquoted he said.
this is a been and i have distortion misquoted he said
this is a distortion and i misquoted been have he said
this a distortion i have been misquoted he said
this a distortion and i have been misquoted he said
this is a distortion and i have Berbice been misquoted he archetype said.
this Self is a distortion and i have been misquoted Bill he said.
this is a distortion and single have been misquote he said.
this is a optical aberration and single have been misquoted he said.
2
"Three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and I were involved in, I lost control said Moon, a former quarterback for the Houston Oilers who now plays for the Minnesota Vikings."
three days of because ago an i that my wife and i were involved in argument lost control said moon a former quarterback for the houston oilers now who plays for the minnesota vikings
three days ago because of an argument that my wife and were minnesota involved in i lost control said moon a former quarterback for i houston oilers who now plays for the the vikings
three days ago because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in i said moon a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings
three days ago of an argument that wife and i were in i control moon a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the vikings
" three days ago, because of an argument that unsecured my Tambourine wife and i were involved in, i lost control said moon, a former quarterback for the houston HighMark oilers who now plays for Jabat the minnesota vikings. "
" three days THE ago, because of an argument Sengekontacket that cantaloupe my wife and i were involved in, i costumed lost control said moon, a former quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in, i lost ascendency said moon, a former field general for the samuel houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
" three days ago, because of an argument that my wife and i were involved in, i lost control read moon, a one time quarterback for the houston oilers who now plays for the minnesota vikings. "
2
"Vilma and I sometimes argue Raul Castro said in April 2001, with his wife at his side."
vilma and i sometimes argue raul said castro in april 2001 with his wife at his side
vilma and with sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001 i his wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul said in april 2001 with his wife at his side
vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro said in 2001 with his wife at his side
" vilma and Slava i Ninad sometimes argue raul castro said in april 2001, with DL### his wife at his side. "
" vilma and i sometimes Marc argue raul castro said in april 2001, Mitch with his wife at his Professorship side. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue raul fidel castro ruz said in april 2001, with his wife at his face. "
" vilma and i sometimes argue raul castro aver in april 2001, with his wife at his side. "
2
"When I lied about drinking, he showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour-by-hour basis Lee said."
when i lied about he drinking showed me a on that recorded all my activities report an hour by hour basis lee said
when hour lied about drinking he showed me a report that recorded all my i on an hour by activities basis lee said
when i lied about drinking he showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour by hour basis lee said
when i lied showed me a report that recorded all my on an hour by hour basis lee said
" when Orientalists i lied about drinking, he showed me a report WACHOVIA that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour INCOME basis lee said. "
" when i Bitterly lied about drinking, he Angel showed me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour Jeannine basis lee said. "
" when i lied about drinking, he showed me a report that enter all my activities on an hour - by - time of day basis lee said. "
" when i lied about drinking, he show me a report that recorded all my activities on an hour - by - hour footing lee said. "
2
"A lot of people have misunderstood me, and I think that's because they don't really know me."
a lot me people have misunderstood me and i think thats because they dont really know of
a lot they people have misunderstood me and i think thats because of dont really know me
a lot of people have misunderstood and i think thats because they dont really
lot of people have misunderstood me and i think because they dont really know me
" a lot of people have misunderstood me, and i think that ' s because they Taleb don ' Defensive t really know Jan me. "
" Trusted a lot of people have misunderstood me, and i think that ' s because Woodroffe they don ' t really know tai me. "
" a lot of people have misunderstood me, and i intend that ' s because they don ' t really have sex me. "
" a lot of people have misunderstood me, and i think that ' entropy because they put on ' t truly know me. "
2
"A lot of people, I think, misunderstood me for 23 years."
a lot of people i think misunderstood me 23 for years
a lot of people years think misunderstood me for 23 i
of think misunderstood me for 23 years
a lot of people i think misunderstood me for 23 years
" a lot bankruptcies of people, i think, misunderstood me for manager 23 years. "
" a lot of people, i think, misunderstood Prinya me for 23 Belky years. "
" a destiny of multitude, i think, misunderstood me for 23 years. "
" a muckle of mass, i think, misunderstood me for 23 years. "
2
"And I lied to him and said ""No, I didn't know."" "
and i lied to and him said no i didnt know
no i lied to him and said and i didnt know
and i lied to him and said no i didnt know
and i lied to him and said no i didnt know
" and i lied to JAMES him and broadcast said " " no, i didn ' t PRNewswire know. " " "
" and i Vodafones lied to Kassia him and said " " BADGER no, i didn ' t know. " " "
" and i lied to him and said " " no, i didn ' t bang. " " "
" and i lie to him and said " " no, i didn ' t jazz. " " "
2
And I lied to my mother.
to i lied and my mother
and i my to lied mother
and i lied to mother
lied to mother
and i Ecumenical lied to my mother.
and scarcely i lied to my mother.
and i lied to my mother.
and i lied to my mother.
2
"And while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife Ruhama, Weizman remarked ""I never smacked Ruhama, even though we've had lots of fights"" in 50 years of marriage."
and while visiting a in for battered women with his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked years though even weve had lots of fights shelter 50 ruhama of marriage
and while with a shelter for battered women visiting his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even years weve had lots of in fights 50 though of marriage
while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama weizman remarked i never ruhama even though weve had lots of fights in 50 years of marriage
and while visiting a for battered women with wife ruhama weizman remarked i never smacked ruhama even though weve had lots of fights in 50 years of marriage
" and while visiting a shelter for battered Feliccia women with his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i never smacked oak ruhama, even though Rouse we ' Abella ve had lots of Honenberger fights " " in 50 years of marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for battered women with DRIC his wife ruhama, weizman remarked " " i never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had Doward lots of fights " " +#-###-###-#### in 50 aversive years of Jan marriage. "
" and while visiting a shelter for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman observe " " i never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 years of union. "
" and while visiting a protection for battered women with his wife ruhama, weizman comment " " iodine never smacked ruhama, even though we ' ve had lots of fights " " in 50 old age of wedding. "
2
"Anne Darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front pages of British newspapers on Thursday, showing her and her husband in Panama last year, and told the Daily Mail on Friday:""I lied to them, my own sons""."
anne mail with when she was confronted wept a photograph splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and her husband panama in last year and told the daily darwin on friday lied i to them my own sons
confronted darwin friday when she was anne with a photograph splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and her husband in panama last year and told the daily i on wept mail lied to them my own sons
anne darwin wept when she was with a photograph splashed across the front of british newspapers thursday showing her husband in panama last year told the daily mail on friday lied to them my own sons
anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph across the pages of british newspapers on thursday showing her and her in panama last year and the daily mail on friday i lied to them my own sons
" anne Canned darwin wept when preacher she was Midwinters confronted with a photograph, emptiest splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday, yoy showing her and Aasland her husband in panama last year, and told the daily mail on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
" Solihull anne darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across Faulls the  front pages Zhang of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her weeping husband in panama last year, and told the daily mail NewMark on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
" anne darwin wept when she be confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front sir frederick handley page of british newspapers on thursday, showing her and her husband in panama last year, and told the daily mail on friday: " " i lie in to them, my own sons " ". "
" anne charles robert darwin wept when she was confronted with a photograph, splashed across the front pages of british newspapers on thursday, exhibit her and her husband in republic of panama last twelvemonth, and tell apart the daily mail on friday: " " i lied to them, my own sons " ". "
2
"But finally I caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for months about the wonders of Susan Lucci's skin-care therapy. "
but finally wonders caved and have been forced to lie months my mom for to about the i of susan luccis skin care therapy
but finally of caved and have been forced to lie to my mom for months luccis the wonders i susan about skin care therapy
but finally i caved and have been forced to my mom for months about the wonders of susan luccis skin care
finally i caved and have been forced to lie my mom for months about the wonders susan luccis skin care therapy
" but finally i caved, and have embroidered been forced to lie Pepper to my mom Twinbrook for months about the wonders of NUAN susan lucci ' s skin - care therapy. "
" but finally La i caved, and have been forced to lie to my mom for months about the Camas wonders ENLIST of susan lucci ' s skin - Wasim care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, and cause been forced to lie to my mom for months astir the wonder of susan lucci ' s skin - care therapy. "
" but finally i caved, and have been forced to lie to my momma for months about the wonders of susan lucci ' s skin - caution therapy. "
2
"But I don't want to be misunderstood, a reversal is welcome."
but i dont be to want misunderstood a reversal is welcome
but i be want to dont misunderstood a reversal is welcome
but i dont want to be misunderstood a reversal is welcome
i dont want to be misunderstood a reversal is welcome
" but i don ' t want to be misunderstood, SingleBrand a gyro reversal is welcome. "
" but pol i don ' t want to be misunderstood, a reversal is Awutu welcome. "
" just i don ' t want to be misconceive, a reversal is welcome. "
" but i don ' t want to follow misunderstood, a about face is welcome. "
1
"But I think whenever I defend her, I, risk being misquoted."
but i being whenever i defend her i risk think misquoted
but being think whenever i defend her i risk i misquoted
but i think whenever i defend i being misquoted
but i think whenever i defend i risk being misquoted
" but i think AMSU whenever i defend her, ALBERNI i, risk being misquoted. "
" but i think whenever Sansi i defend her, i, IXN risk being misquoted. "
" but i think whenever i defend her, unity, risk comprise misquoted. "
" but one think whenever i defend her, i, risk being misquoted. "
1
But I was lying to myself.
but i to lying was myself
but i lying was to myself
but i was to myself
but i was lying myself
but i was lying Zaayman to myself.
but i was lying to Stardust myself.
merely i was lying to myself.
but iodin was lying to myself.
2
"But if you say no, I'm going to say yes."
im if you say no but going to say yes
but if you say yes im going to say no
but if you say no im going to say yes
but if you say no im going to say yes
" Said but if you say no, jingoist i ' m going to say yes. "
" but if you say no, i ' neilchaffie@yahoo.com m going to Arif say yes. "
" but if you say nobelium, i ' m going to say yes. "
" but if you say no, i ' mib going to pronounce yes. "
1
But I'm not going to lie to you.
but im not going to lie to you
but im not to going lie to you
but im not going to lie to you
but im not going to lie to you
but serum i ' Akash m not going to lie to you.
Frey but i ' m not going to lie% to you.
but i ' m not break down to lie to you.
but i ' m non going to lie to you.
0
"Calling for talks to end the strike, he said:""I do not want to lie to them."""
calling for talks to end the strike he to i do not want said lie to them
calling for the to end talks strike he said i do not want to lie to them
calling for to end the strike he said i want to lie them
calling for talks to end the strike he said i want to lie to them
" calling for talks to end the Aurelio strike, he said: " " i do repriced not want to Corporation lie to them. " " "
" calling Banklick for wolverine talks to end the strike, he said: " " i do not Naoto want to lie to them. " " "
" call for talks to finish the tap, he said: " " i do not want to lie to them. " " "
" calling for talk to end the smash, he said: " " i do not need to lie to them. " " "
0
"Creole:""I am not able to say no, concerning the date I still do not have it but when I do, I will tell you."""
creole i am not able to no say do the date i still do not have it but when i concerning i will tell you
creole i am not the to say no concerning able date i still do not have it tell when i do i will but you
creole i not able to say no i still not have it but when i will tell you
creole i am not able say no concerning not have it but when i do i will tell you
" creole: " " i information am not able THE to say no, concerning the date Villasmil i still do not have it but when i do, i Kid will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " Milo i am not Electromagnetic able to say no, concerning the date i Cusine still do not have it but when i do, i homicide will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am not able to say no, concerning the date ace stock still practise not have it but when i do, i will tell you. " " "
" creole: " " i am not able to say no, come to the date i notwithstanding do non have information technology but when i do, i will tell you. " " "
2
Either I have misunderstood or Domenech should change his speech.
either i have misunderstood change domenech should or his speech
his i have misunderstood or domenech should change either speech
either i or domenech should change his speech
either i have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech
No either i have Phobos misunderstood or domenech should change his speech.
either i have misunderstood or domenech Thierry should change his cm3 speech.
either single have misunderstood or domenech should change his speech.
either i have misunderstand or domenech should switch his speech.
1
"He asked me one night if I had any involvement with it or if I knew anything, and I lied to him. "
he asked me one anything if i had any with involvement it or if i knew night and i lied to him
he asked i one night if and had any involvement with it or if i knew anything me i lied to him
he asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or if i knew anything and i lied to him
asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or if i knew anything and lied to him
" he asked me one night if i Apco had EQUASYM any involvement with it ska or if i knew anything, and i lied to him. "
" he asked me one night if i had any involvement with it or if i knew Steven anything, and i Piggs lied to Vensil him. "
" he asked me one night if i induce any involvement with information technology or if i knew anything, and i lied to him. "
" he asked me one night if i had any involvement with information technology or if i knew anything, and i lied to him. "
2
"He continued ""If I seem unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood what I said."""
he continued if i seem unduly clear to you you must i misunderstood what have said
continued he if i seem unduly clear to you you must have misunderstood what i said
he continued if i seem unduly clear to you you must have misunderstood what i said
he continued i seem unduly clear you you must have misunderstood what i said
" he continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you ordaining must have misunderstood Kishore what i preorder said. " " "
" he inhaled continued " " if i seem unduly clear to congratulatory you, you must have misunderstood soliciting what i said. " " "
" he continued " " if 1 seem unduly clear to you, you must make misunderstood what i said. " " "
" atomic number 2 continued " " if i seem unduly clear to you, you must have misunderstood what i said. " " "
2
"He said:""Of course, I was wrong on some issues back then."""
he said some course i was wrong on of issues back then
he said of course i was then on some issues back wrong
he said of course i was wrong on some issues back then
said of course was on some issues back then
" he Zambia said: " " Al of course, i was wrong on JLP some issues back then. " " "
" Guelli he said: " " of course, i was wrong anthraquinone on some issues back Kaminey then. " " "
" he enjoin: " " of line, i was wrong on some issues back then. " " "
" atomic number 2 said: " " of course, i be wrong on some issues back then. " " "
2
I admit that sometimes I lie about where I am.
i admit about sometimes i lie that where i am
i admit that sometimes i lie about where am i
i admit that sometimes i about where i am
i admit that sometimes i lie about where i am
i admit that sometimes tablespoonfuls i lie about where burn i am.
i Turkeys admit Umetrics that sometimes i lie about where i am.
one admit that sometimes i lie about where i am.
i admit that sometimes i prevarication about where i be.
2
I am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming done and tired of lying issues the extent of our reserves about and the downward revisions that need to be sick because about far too aggressive bookings
i am becoming lying revisions tired about sick about the extent of our reserves issues and and downward the that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
i becoming sick and lying about the extent of our reserves issues the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings
i am becoming and tired about lying about the our reserves issues and the revisions that need to be done because of far too bookings
i am becoming Feeding sick and tired about lying Applied about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to Supelco be defender done because of far too aggressive bookings.
i am becoming sick and tired about finfish lying RoadPeace about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward Pacific revisions that need to be done because of KTRE.com far too aggressive bookings.
i be becoming sick and tired about dwell about the extent of our reserves issues and the downward revisions that need to be done because of far too aggressive engagement.
i am becoming sick and tired about lying about the extent of our reserves takings and the downward revision that need to be done because of far too aggressive bookings.
2
I am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that I have made.
i am sorry people misunderstood that remarks the i have made
i am sorry people misunderstood have remarks that i the made
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i have made
am people misunderstood the remarks that i have made
i THE am sorry people Vehicle misunderstood the remarks that i have made.
i am sorry people www.pwaworldtour.com misunderstood Climate the remarks that i have made.
i am sorry hoi polloi misunderstood the remarks that i have stimulate.
i am sorry people misunderstood the remarks that i have create.
2
"I am sorry, I lied to the press and the TV because I said to myself I would not be caught."
i to sorry i lied am the press would the tv because i said to myself i and not be caught
myself am sorry i lied to the caught and the tv because i said to i i would not be press
i am sorry i lied to the press and the tv because i myself i would not caught
i sorry i lied to the press the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught
" i am sorry, whitewater i TOWN lied to the press and the tv because Manager i said to myself i would not be caught. "
" i am sorry, i Shotts lied to the press Afro and Junebug the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught. "
" i am sorry, i lie to the press and the telecasting because i say to myself i would not be caught. "
" i am sorry, i lied to the press and the tv because i said to myself i would not be caught. "
2
I did an interview where someone misquoted me.
i an did interview where someone misquoted me
interview did an i where someone misquoted me
i did an interview where someone me
i did an interview where someone misquoted
i did an interview where GLP someone misquoted me.
i did an interview where someone Goodemote misquoted me.
i did an interview where soul misquoted me.
i did an interview where someone misquote me.
2
I eventually said no because it wasn't part of the house's culture.
i eventually said of because it wasnt part no the houses culture
i eventually said part because it wasnt no of the houses culture
eventually said no it wasnt part of the houses culture
eventually said because it wasnt part of the houses culture
i eventually said no exciteable because it wasn ' t part of the house ' steel s culture.
i eventually said no because it wasn ' t Reddien part of the house ' inalterably s culture.
i eventually said no because it wasn ' t part of the theater ' s culture.
single eventually said no because it wasn ' t constituent of the house ' s culture.
2
I feel that I was misquoted.
i i that feel was misquoted
i feel was i that misquoted
i that i was misquoted
i feel that i was misquoted
i feel that Duchess i was misquoted.
i feel that i Reciprocating was misquoted.
i finger that i was misquoted.
i feel that i was misquoted.
2
"I had to say no, it would have been nice to come away with at least one win."
i had to say no would it have been nice to come away with at least one win
i had away say no it would have been nice to come to with at least one win
i had to say no it would have been nice to come away with at least one
i had to say no it would have nice to come away with at least one win
" i had to say no, it would have CONCORD been nice to come MSFT away with Q at least one win. "
" i implementations had to say no, it would have been nice to come away PRECIOUS with at OUTPOST least one win. "
" ace had to say no, it would have been nice to come away with at least unitary win. "
" i had to say no, it would have be nice to come away with at least one win. "
2
I have been misunderstood.
i have misunderstood been
i have misunderstood been
i been misunderstood
i have been misunderstood
i have Charley been misunderstood.
i have been Cimarron misunderstood.
ace have been misunderstood.
i give birth been misunderstood.
2
"I lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to murders."
signed lie about to police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic i false statement murders murders
i lie about murders police threaten me with violence slapped to suffocated me murders plastic signed false statement and with
i lie about murders police threaten me slapped suffocated me with plastic signed false statement to murders
i lie about murders police me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic signed statement to murders
" Inya i lie about Yolotan murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to WOUNDED murders. "
" i lie about murders, police threaten Reira me with violence slapped unmanned and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to Jeetah murders. "
" i lie down about execution, law threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with plastic: signed false statement to murders. "
" one lie about murders, police threaten me with violence slapped and suffocated me with credit card: signed false statement to murders. "
2
"I lied about a plane flight I never took, about sleeping in a car I never rented, about a landmark on the highway I had never been to. "
i lied on a plane flight car never took about sleeping in a i i never rented about a landmark about the highway i had never been to
i lied about a plane flight i never took about sleeping in a car i never highway about a landmark on the rented i had never been to
i lied about a flight i never took about sleeping in a i never rented about a on the highway i had never been to
i lied about a plane flight i never took about sleeping in a car i never rented about a on the highway i had never been to
" i RALEIGH lied about a plane Gilead flight Logan i never took, about sleeping in a car Parveen i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
" i lied about a Armed plane flight i never took, about sleeping Maleka in a car i Ill never rented, about a landmark on the highway i had never chairless been to. "
" i lied astir a planer flight of stairs i never took, about sleeping in a car i never rented, astir a landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
" i lie about a planer flight atomic number 53 never took, about sleeping in a automobile i never rented, about a landmark on the highway i had never been to. "
2
I lied about Arthur.
i arthur about lied
i lied arthur about
i lied about arthur
i lied about arthur
Mileground i lied about arthur.
i lied utl about arthur.
i lied about president arthur.
i lied about king arthur.
2
"I lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was totally legit Goldstein said."
i lied about being a lawyer but other the than lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
lied i about being a lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally legit goldstein said
i lied about being lawyer but other than the lie everything else was totally goldstein said
" i lied about being IL a lawyer vaguely but other than malaria the lie, everything else was totally legit goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else was Anita totally legit LEAGUE goldstein Lisa said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer but other than the lie, everything else represent totally legit goldstein said. "
" i lied about being a lawyer but other than the trygve lie, everything else be totally legit goldstein said. "
2
I lied about it all.
i lied it about all
i all about it lied
i lied about it all
i lied about it all
i Sildenafil lied about it all.
i PUTTING lied about it all.
one lied about it all.
i lied about information technology all.
2
"I lied about my age, got in, and was just 20 when I left."
i lied about my age and in got was just 20 when i left
i lied about when age got in and was just 20 my i left
i about my age got in and was just 20 when i left
i lied about my in and was 20 when i left
" www.mugglenet.com i lied about my age, handcuffed got in, and was just 20 when i left. "
" i lied about my HELLCATS age, got in, and was just 20 Juarez when i left. "
" i lied about my age, got in, and be just 20 when i left. "
" i lied about my years, got in, and was just twenty when i left. "
2
"I lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself."
a lied to people lot of people deceived i lot of a kept others in the dark and even lied to myself
i to to a lot of people deceived a lot of people others kept in the dark and even lied lied myself
lied to a of people deceived a lot of people kept others in the dark and even lied to myself
i lied to a lot of people deceived a of people kept others in the dark even to myself
" i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot Commercial of people, M. kept text others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to readily a lot of people, deceived Serenic a Tick lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
" i lie to a lot of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the darkness and even lied to myself. "
" i lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the dark and even lied to myself. "
2
"I lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
i lied to everyone even everything about to myself
everything lied to everyone about i even to myself
i lied to everyone about everything even to myself
i to everyone about everything even to myself
" Jonathan i lied defaultRedirect to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
" Kadek i Wide lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
" 1 lied to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
" i lie to everyone about everything, even to myself. "
2
I lied to her and said I didn't know.
and lied to her i said i didnt know
i her to lied and said i didnt know
lied to her said i didnt know
i lied to her and said i didnt know
bursa i lied to her and said i didn ' t Body know.
Martyn i lied Chhun to her and said i didn ' t know.
i lie down to her and enjoin i didn ' t know.
single lied to her and said i didn ' t know.
1
I lied to my daughter's chess teacher!
i lied to my daughters teacher chess
chess lied to my daughters i teacher
i lied to my daughters chess teacher
lied to daughters chess teacher
i lied to my daughter ' s chess Milners teacher!
i lied to my daughter ' s Obilade chess teacher!
1 lied to my daughter ' s chess teacher!
i lied to my daughter ' s chess teacher!
2
"I lied to my relatives, I lied to them when I came back to India."
i lied back my relatives i lied to them when i came to to india
i lied to my came i lied to them when i relatives back to india
i lied to my relatives i lied to when i came back to
i lied to my relatives i lied to them when i came back to india
" Jodie i lied to my relatives, i lied to them when i came back to Sara india. "
" i lied to my relatives, i lied toes to them when THIS i came back to india. "
" i lie to my relatives, i lied to them when i came back to india. "
" i lied to my relatives, i lied to them when i come back to india. "
2
"I lied to save my family, marriage"
lied i to save my family marriage
i lied my save to family marriage
i lied save my family marriage
i to save family
" i lied bafflingly to save my family, marriage "
" i lied to save my family, Delite marriage "
" i lied to save up my family, marriage "
" i lied to save my family, marriage "
2
"I mean, I was in a relationship not long ago, and I found myself lying about certain things."
i mean i was in a relationship not long ago and certain found myself lying about i things
i mean i was in a relationship not long found and i ago myself lying about certain things
mean i was in a relationship not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
i mean i was in a relationship not long ago and i found myself lying about certain things
" i mean, i was in a relationship Outback not long ago, FLOR and i found Baghli myself lying about certain things. "
" i mean, i was in a Ava relationship not long ago, Shoshanah and i found Kalpakian myself lying about certain things. "
" i have in mind, i was in a relationship not long ago, and i found myself lie about certain things. "
" i mean, i was in a relationship not long ago, and i found myself dwell about certain things. "
2
I never lost an argument with the budget people under either Kennedy or Johnson.
i never lost an argument with the budget people under either kennedy johnson or
i never lost an argument with the people budget under either kennedy or johnson
i never lost an argument with the budget people under kennedy or johnson
i never lost an argument with the either kennedy or johnson
i Ultrasonic never lost an argument with the budget people under either Tyler kennedy or johnson.
i never lost air an argument with the budget people under either kennedy or Dr johnson.
i ne'er lost an parameter with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
i never lose an statement with the budget people under either kennedy or johnson.
0
I said no and I pulled my hand away.
and said no i i pulled my hand away
i said no my i pulled and hand away
i said no and pulled my hand away
i said no and i pulled my hand away
i said no and i pulled my hand brassage away.
Michel i said no and i pulled my hand away.
i said no and i pulled my hired man away.
i said no and i pulled my hand away.
2
I said no because nothing was scheduled.
i was no because nothing said scheduled
i was no because nothing said scheduled
i said no because nothing was scheduled
i said no nothing was scheduled
i said no producer because nothing was scheduled.
i said no because nothing was Justice scheduled.
i said no because nil was scheduled.
i say no because nothing was scheduled.
2
I said no for many years.
i for no said many years
i many no for said years
i said for many years
i said for many years
i said no for many ARCADIA years.
i said no for Mancunian many years.
iodine said no for many years.
ace said no for many years.
2
"I said no to Real when they offered me more money than I get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said Benitez."
said said no to real when they offered me more money benitez i get here even though there maybe were greater expectations i than
i said no to real when they offered me here money than i get more even though there maybe were greater said expectations benitez
i said no to real when they offered me more money than i get here though maybe were greater expectations said benitez
i said no to real when they offered more money than get here even there maybe were greater expectations said benitez
" i TextMagic said no to real when they offered me more money than i get Coaxsys here, Authoritarian even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
" i Batdyev said no to real when they offered me Cynthia more money than i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said tetanus benitez. "
" i said no to real when they offered me more than money than i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations said benitez. "
" unity said no to real when they offer up me more money than i get here, even though there maybe were greater expectations enunciate benitez. "
2
"I said no, because I was 10 minutes behind!"
no said i because i was 10 minutes behind
i said no because i 10 was minutes behind
i said no because i was 10 behind
i said no because i was minutes behind
" i said no, TLC because BlackEagle i was 10 minutes behind! "
" i said no, Mo because i was 10 minutes neurokinin behind! "
" i suppose no, because one was 10 minutes behind! "
" iodin said no, because i was 10 minutes behind! "
2
"I said no, but I am wondering if that was the wrong move."
i said no but i if wondering am that was the wrong move
i said no but i am wondering if move was the wrong that
i said no but i wondering if that the wrong move
i said no but i am wondering if that was the wrong
" www.greatparks.org i said no, but i Sunil am wondering if that was the wrong move. "
" i said no, but i am FPCA wondering if that megajoules was the wrong move. "
" i said no, simply i am wonder if that was the wrong move. "
" i said no, but i comprise wondering if that constitute the wrong move. "
2
"I said no, I don't know any girls."
dont said no i i know any girls
i said no i any know dont girls
i said i dont know any girls
i said no dont know any girls
" i PRNewswire said no, i don ' Philippe t know any girls. "
" Distillates i Tod said no, i don ' t know any girls. "
" i enounce no, i don ' t know any girl. "
" i say no, i don ' t know any girls. "
2
"I said no, never ever, that would have to be over my dead body."
i to no never ever that would have said be over my dead body
i said no never ever that would over to be have my dead body
i said no never ever that would have to be over my dead body
i said no never ever that would have to be over dead body
" i said no, never ever, Dwight that would custodianship have to be over my dead body. "
" i said no, Vodafone never ever, that would have to be over my Azul dead body. "
" i said no, never ever, that would have to be over my dead body. "
" i said no, never ever, that would have to be over my dead body. "
2
"I said that Islamic law should be revised, but I was misquoted as saying that the Koran should be revised she said, adding that she is an atheist."
i said that islamic law should be revised that i was saying as misquoted that the koran should be revised she said adding but she is an atheist
i said that islamic law should be revised but i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be atheist that said adding she she is an revised
i that islamic law should be revised but i was misquoted saying that the should be revised she said adding that she is an atheist
i said that islamic law should be revised but i was misquoted saying that the koran should be revised she said adding that she is an atheist
" i said that islamic law should be revised, Amuria but Magnus i was Zemba misquoted as saying that the koran should be provost revised she said, adding that she is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic SWF law should be revised, but i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be revised she said, adding BigNews.Biz that Crime she CONFIGURATION is an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revise, merely i was misquoted as saying that the koran should be revised she said, adding that she comprise an atheist. "
" i said that islamic law should be revised, but atomic number 53 was misquote as saying that the koran should be revised she tell, adding that she is an atheist. "
2
"I should have lied about that, but I can't. "
i should cant lied about that but i have
should i have lied about that but i cant
i should have about that but i cant
i should have about that cant
" i FM should have lied about that, but commercialize i can ' t. "
" uber i should have lied Respiratory about that, but i can ' t. "
" i should have lie about that, but i can ' t. "
" i should induce lied about that, but i can ' t. "
0
"I skipped a class to have it done, lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as I had to have follow-up check-ups."
have having a class to have it done lying to my parents about skipped a cyst removed as i had to i follow up check ups
i to it class to have a done lying skipped my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow up check ups
i skipped a class to have it done lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have up check ups
i skipped a class to have it done lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow up check ups
" i skipped a class to have it done, lying to my parents Chansler about AUSTRALIA having a dry cyst Shady removed as i had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" i Rell skipped a Sebastien class to have it done, lying to my Stren parents about having a cyst removed as i Berwari had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" i skipped a course to have it done, lie to my parents astir having a cyst removed as iodine had to have follow - up check - ups. "
" i skipped a class to have information technology done, lying to my parents about having a cyst removed as i had to have follow - up check - ups. "
2
I think I was misquoted there.
i think i was misquoted there
i think i was misquoted there
i think i was misquoted there
i think i was misquoted there
i think Budris i was misquoted there.
i think embryonic i was misquoted there.
i think i be misquoted there.
i cerebrate i was misquoted there.
1
I think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my and and views are misinterpreted actions misunderstood
i think my misinterpreted and views are actions and misunderstood
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood
i think my and views are misinterpreted misunderstood
i Benevity think Biotoxin my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my DeVonte actions and views Ibn are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
i think my actions and views are misinterpreted and misunderstood.
1
I think that the Hong Kong officials have misunderstood me.
i think that the misunderstood kong officials have hong me
i think that the me kong officials have misunderstood hong
i think that the hong kong officials misunderstood me
i think that the hong kong officials have me
Crino i think that the Remote hong kong officials have misunderstood me.
i think that the hong kong officials Serpent have misunderstood Ming me.
single think that the hong kong officials have misunderstood maine.
i think that the hong kong officials have misunderstand me.
1
I thought it was a crank call.
i was it thought a crank call
thought i it was a crank call
i thought crank call
i thought it was a crank
i thought it GreenChek was a crank call.
i thought it www.uicpavilion.com was a crank call.
ace thought it was a crank call.
single thought it was a crank call.
1
I thought it was the most perfect description of what's happened in the welfare state and how we've lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
was thought it i the lost perfect description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve most the argument over language in the last 35 years
i happened it was the most perfect description of whats welfare in the thought state and how weve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years
i thought it the most perfect description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve over language in the last 35 years
i thought it was the most description of whats happened in the welfare state and how weve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years
bitter i thought it was the Manny most NATURALS perfect whizzy description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i thought it was the Gov most Arnold perfect description of lawmaker what ' s happened d'Or in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i thought it be the most consummate verbal description of what ' s happened in the welfare state department and how we ' ve lost the argument over language in the last 35 years.
i thought it was the most perfect verbal description of what ' s happened in the welfare state and how we ' ve lost the argument ended language in the concluding 35 years.
1
I told him I wouldn't lie to him.
i told i him wouldnt lie to him
i told i him wouldnt lie to him
i told him wouldnt lie to him
i told him i wouldnt lie to him
i Gorowsky told oldest him i wouldn ' t lie to him.
i told him i wouldn ' Caroline t Share lie to him.
i told him i wouldn ' t prevarication to him.
i severalise him i wouldn ' t lie to him.
0
"I told Jack that the biggest fight I had with my late husband was because of him, because he was always watching 'The Odd Couple' says the pint-sized, 77-year-old Westheimer."
i told he the the biggest fight i had because my late husband was with of him because jack was always watching that odd couple says the pint sized 77 year old westheimer
i told jack fight sized biggest that i had always my late husband was because of him because he was with watching the odd couple says the pint the 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the biggest i had with my husband was because of him he was always watching the couple says the pint sized 77 year old westheimer
i told jack that the biggest fight had with my late was because of him because he was always watching the odd couple says the pint sized 77 year old westheimer
" i told jack that the biggest fight i had with my late husband was because Ben of him, because HerWorld he was always watching ' the WNEG odd couple ' says the pint - worthingtond@fayobserver.com sized, 77 - year - Aqeel old westheimer. "
" i told jack that the biggest fight i Phillipe had with my late husband was because of Jesse him, because he was always watching ' the odd Jon couple ' says mm the pint - sized, 77 - WHF year - old westheimer. "
" i recount jack that the biggest fight i had with my late hubby was because of him, because he was forever watching ' the odd couple ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
" i told jack that the biggest fighting single had with my late husband was because of him, because he was always watching ' the odd match ' says the pint - sized, 77 - year - old westheimer. "
2
I was just lying to him.
i him just lying to was
i lying just was to him
was just lying to him
i was just lying to him
i Ngwe was just lying to him.
i was just Ferdinand lying to him.
i was just lying to him.
i was simply lying to him.
2
"I was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldn't consider Darren, that's not the case."
recently was misquoted i in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the case
was i misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider darren thats not the case
i was misquoted recently in saying that we wouldnt consider thats case
" By i was Brandeau misquoted recently in saying that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not Tevita the case. "
" i was misquoted recently in saying Antoine that we wouldn ' t Andrew consider LEL darren, that ' s not the case. "
" unity was misquoted lately in saying that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
" i was misquote of late in saying that we wouldn ' t consider darren, that ' s not the case. "
2
"I was misquoted, taken out of context, harangued."
i was misquoted taken context of out harangued
i taken misquoted was out of context harangued
i was misquoted taken out of context harangued
i was misquoted taken out of context harangued
" i FIRST was misquoted, taken out of context, PADI harangued. "
" rethugs i was misquoted, taken out of Mayor context, harangued. "
" i be misquoted, take on out of context, harangued. "
" ace was misquoted, consider out of context, harangued. "
2
I was misquoted.
i misquoted was
misquoted was i
i was misquoted
i was misquoted
i was Jebba misquoted.
i MagnaQuest was misquoted.
one was misquoted.
iodine was misquoted.
2
"I was scared, and I didn't really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, I just wouldn't talk to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
i was scared and i didnt really know how to it you so if handle misquoted me i just wouldnt talk to anybody which made the whole joint mad
i was scared and i didnt really know how to handle it so if you misquoted me i just wouldnt talk made anybody which joint the whole to mad
i was scared and i didnt know how to handle it so if you misquoted me i just wouldnt talk to anybody which made the whole mad
i was scared and i didnt really know how to it so if you misquoted me i just wouldnt anybody made the whole joint mad
" i was scared, tet and i didn ' t really know how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, i radio just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, Borski which made Rah the whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i didn ' t really know how to handle it, so Magincalda if you Proteome misquoted me, i Shankar just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, lottery which made the whole joint mad. "
" i was scared, and i didn ' t really know how to handle information technology, thus if you misquoted maine, i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
" i was fright, and i didn ' t really fuck how to handle it, so if you misquoted me, i just wouldn ' t talk to anybody, which made the whole joint mad. "
1
"I was totally I wouldn't say ""misquoted"", ""misinterpreted"" would be the right word."
i misquoted totally i wouldnt say was misinterpreted would be the right word
i was totally i wouldnt say the misinterpreted would be misquoted right word
i was totally wouldnt say misquoted misinterpreted would the right word
i was totally i wouldnt say misquoted misinterpreted would be the right word
" i was totally i wouldn ' Brian t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would Gitmo be the right Kristin word. "
" i was totally i wouldn ' A. t say " " Shiv misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would be the right Teddy word. "
" i was totally i wouldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate enounce " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpret " " would be the right word. "
" iodine was totally i wouldn ' t say " " misquoted " ", " " misinterpreted " " would be the good word. "
2
"I was young when I came to New York and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking."
i was young new i came to when york and got misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as came it out not sounding like me talking
i was young when i got to new york and came misquoted well maybe not talking much misquoted as it came out not sounding like me so
i was young when i came to new york and got misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as it came not like me talking
i was young when i came to new and got misquoted well maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding me talking
" i was Giggle young when i came to new york and Rastafarian got misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came out XEL not P sounding like me talking. "
" i was young when 4A i came RoboBusiness to new york and got misquoted, well, maybe NORTHEAST not so much misquoted Browning as it came out not sounding like me talking. "
" i was young when i came to novel house of york and got misquoted, well, maybe not so much misquoted as it came out not sounding same me talking. "
" i was youthful when i arrive to new york and got misquoted, well, maybe not so a great deal misquoted as it came out not sounding like me talking. "
2
I would be lying to you if I did say this doesn't affect me emotionally.
i would be lying to you affect i did say this doesnt if me emotionally
i would be lying emotionally you if i did say this doesnt affect me to
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i be lying to you if i did say this doesnt affect me emotionally
i would be Mount lying to you if i Brian did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would be lying to you if i Paperback did say this doesn ' Bibra t affect me emotionally.
i would be lie to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
i would be lying to you if i did say this doesn ' t affect me emotionally.
0
I would feel that I had lied to the French people by proposing plans for France which could not be put into practice.
i would feel that i had lied to the french by people france plans for proposing which could not be put into practice
i would feel that i had lied to the french by people proposing for plans france which could not be put into practice
i would feel that i had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice
would feel that i lied to the french people by proposing for france which could not be into
Biocontrol i would feel that i had lied to guitarist the french people by proposing plans Conan for france which could not be put into practice.
i would Diversified feel that i had lied to the french people by proposing plans for france which could not TSX be IAUWU put into practice.
i would feel that i had lied to the gallic people by proposing plan for france which could not follow put into practice.
unity would feel that i had lie to the french the great unwashed by proposing plans for france which could not be put into practice.
1
"I would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and Lakers management and Lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances."
i would like to lying to my teammates coaches about lakers management and lakers fans for initially apologize and the circumstances
i would like to management and my teammates coaches to lakers apologize and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances
i would like to apologize to my teammates coaches lakers and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances
i would like to apologize to my teammates coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for lying about the circumstances
" i would like RHP to apologize to my totally teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for Toxicology initially lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to swastika my teammates, a1 coaches and lakers management and lakers fans REFLECTIONS for initially lying about the circumstances. "
" i would like to apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying astir the portion. "
" i would care to apologize to my teammates, coaches and lakers management and lakers fans for initially lying about the circumstances. "
2
"If I have a fight with my husband, I have nowhere to go because I have no resources. "
if i have a with fight my husband i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight i my husband i have nowhere to go because with have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
if i have a fight with my husband i have nowhere to go because i have no resources
" ADNAN if i have a fight with my husband, Visual i have nowhere to North go because i have no resources. "
" if i foyers have a fight with my ZDNet husband, i have nowhere to go because Suspicious i have no resources. "
" if i have a fight with my husband, i have nowhere to move because i deliver no resources. "
" if i have a fight with my husband, i have nowhere to go because i have no resourcefulness. "
1
If I was interviewed I never lied to anybody.
if i was i interviewed never lied to anybody
if i never interviewed i was lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody
Cahela if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
if Commun i was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
if i was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
if one was interviewed i never lied to anybody.
0
I'll say no.
say ill no
say ill no
ill say no
ill say no
i ' ll say R. no.
Slingin i ' ll say no.
i ' ll suppose no.
iodin ' ll say no.
1
"I'm going to have to show him my ticket, to prove that I wasn't lying about the airport. "
im going to have prove show him my ticket to to that i wasnt lying about the airport
im going to lying to show him my ticket to prove that i wasnt have about the airport
im going to have to show him my ticket to prove that i wasnt lying about the airport
im to have to show him my ticket to that i wasnt lying about the
" i ' m going to have to show Shirley him my ticket, to heavy prove that i wasn ' t lying ADAM about the airport. "
" i ' m going to have to show him Sagri my Slochd ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t lying about the ####-##### airport. "
" i ' thou going to have to show him my tag, to prove that i wasn ' t lying about the airport. "
" i ' m going to have to show him my ticket, to prove that i wasn ' t consist about the airport. "
0
I'm losing the argument.
im argument the losing
losing im the argument
im losing the argument
im losing the argument
i ' m losing the Yang argument.
i ' m losing By the argument.
i ' mb losing the argument.
i ' m lose the argument.
2
I'm misquoted.
misquoted im
im misquoted
im misquoted
im misquoted
i ' m geometries misquoted.
i ' agronomist m misquoted.
i ' molar concentration misquoted.
i ' yard misquoted.
2
I'm not going to lie to you and say it's great.
to not going im lie to you and say its great
im not going to its to you and say lie great
im not going lie to you and say its great
im not going to lie to you and say great
i ' m not Vatukoula going to lie to you and say PQFN it ' s great.
i ' m not going muffin to lie to you and say it ' differentiated s great.
i ' mb non going to lie to you and say it ' s great.
i ' chiliad not go to lie to you and say it ' s great.
0
"I'm sorry I lied to you, but I wanted to find someone who loved me for who I am, not for what I may or may not have. "
im sorry i lied to you but someone wanted to find i am loved me for who i who not for what i may or may not have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted find to someone who loved me for who i am not for what i may or may have not
im sorry i lied to you i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am not for i may or not have
im sorry i lied to you but i wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am not for what i may or may not have
" i ' m sorry i lied to caused you, but i Insufficient wanted to find someone who loved me for who i am, not for Wallula what i may Unstoppable or may not have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i wanted to find Creswick someone who loved me for who i am, not spokesman for what Air## i Unchosen may or may not have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i wanted to find individual who loved me for who i am, not for what i may or english hawthorn non have. "
" i ' m sorry i lied to you, but i want to find person world health organization loved me for who i am, not for what i may or crataegus laevigata not have. "
2
I'm tired of lying to you guys.
im tired of lying you to guys
im of tired lying to you guys
im of lying to you guys
im tired of lying to you guys
Route i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
i ' inhibitory m tired of lying to you guys.
single ' m tired of lying to you guys.
i ' m tired of lying to you guys.
0
"In my discussion with the middle school students, I could tell that I was losing the argument."
in my discussion school the middle with students i could tell that i was losing the argument
in my discussion with students middle school the i could tell that i was losing the argument
in my discussion with the middle school students i could tell that i was losing the argument
in my discussion with the middle school students i could tell that i was losing the argument
" in my discussion with the middle school Matthew students, i could Superpages tell that Certifi i was losing the argument. "
" in my discussion Metal with the suffix middle school students, i could Rt tell that i was losing the argument. "
" in my treatment with the middle school students, i could tell that i was losing the argument. "
" in my treatment with the middle school students, i could tell that i was losing the statement. "
2
It is true I lied to them.
it is lied i true to them
is it true i lied to them
it is true i lied to them
it is true i to them
it PRESS is true i lied to them.
donned it is true i lied to them.
it be true i lied to them.
it is true i lied to them.
2
"It was a misquote, and the reporter misunderstood what I said. "
it was a misquote and the reporter misunderstood i what said
it was a misquote and the reporter misunderstood i what said
it was a misquote and the reporter misunderstood what i
it was a misquote and the reporter misunderstood what i said
" it was a misquote, and the reporter Modified misunderstood Lane what i said. "
" it was a misquote, and the Sammy reporter Refused misunderstood what i said. "
" it was a misquote, and the newsman misunderstand what i said. "
" it was a misquotation, and the reporter misconstrue what i said. "
2
I've been unable to reach Liu Xia.
ive been unable reach to liu xia
ive been unable xia reach liu to
ive been unable to reach liu xia
been unable reach liu
i ' ve been unable to Leonard reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to valueless reach liu xia.
i ' ve been unable to reach liu xia.
i ' ve exist unable to reach liu xia.
2
"I've never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which I lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period."
ive never of good at it primarily because been greed the delusional sort a which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within in given period
ive never been good at it delusional because of greed the primarily sort in which i period to myself about what can be accomplished within a given lie
ive never been good at it primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period
never been good at it primarily because greed the sort in which i lie to about what can accomplished a period
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which Draft i lie to myself about what can be accomplished Hartshorn within Coldwater a given Garioch period. "
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily heap because of greed the delusional precondition sort Petrine in which i lie to myself about Spalding what can be accomplished within a given period. "
" i ' ve never been good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself astir what can be accomplished within a given period. "
" i ' ve never represent good at it, primarily because of greed the delusional sort in which i lie to myself about what can be accomplished within a given period. "
2
"Later, Kohli said:""I lied to my wife""."
later kohli i said lied to my wife
later kohli i said lied to my wife
later kohli said i lied to my wife
later kohli said i lied to my wife
" later, kohli said: " " i Cal lied to dual my wife " ". "
" DRILL later, Short kohli said: " " i lied to my wife " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " i lied to my married woman " ". "
" later, kohli said: " " i lied to my wife " ". "
2
My husband and I fight a lot.
my and husband i fight a lot
my i and husband fight a lot
my husband and i fight
my husband and i fight lot
my husband and AIFMD i fight a lot.
GPU my husband and i fight a lot.
my husband and one fight a lot.
my husband and i fight a lot.
2
My husband and I have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been in engaged a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation
my husband about i have been engaged in a running argument and the use of torture in interrogation
my husband and i have been engaged in running argument about the use of torture in interrogation
husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of torture in
my husband Spreadsheet and i have been engaged inorganic in a running argument about the use of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about CUMBERNAULD the use of Poolesville torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the economic consumption of torture in interrogation.
my husband and i have been engaged in a running argument about the use of goods and services of torture in interrogation.
2
"No, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that I ended up saying no because I changed my mind."
no it says quite clearly ended my autobiography that i in up saying no because i changed my mind
no it says quite clearly in because autobiography that i ended up saying no my i changed my mind
no it quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up saying no because i changed my mind
no it says quite in my that ended up saying no because i changed mind
" no, it bbc.co.uk. says quite clearly in WEEKEND my SemiLEDs autobiography that i ended up saying no because i changed my mind. "
" no, it muttering says quite clearly chantings in my vT autobiography that i ended up saying no because i changed my mind. "
" no, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that single ended up saying no because i changed my mind. "
" no, it says quite clearly in my autobiography that i ended up saying no because i change my mind. "
2
"OK, I lied about the prison."
ok i lied the about prison
ok lied i about the prison
ok i lied about the prison
ok lied about the prison
" KODAK ok, i lied about the prison. "
" ok, i lied about the Giacometti prison. "
" ok, i lied astir the prison. "
" oklahoma, i lied about the prison. "
2
"Says Maupin:""I went through a lot of pain during the Rock Hudson episode, because I felt completely misunderstood""."
says rock i went through a lot of pain during the maupin hudson episode because i felt completely misunderstood
says maupin i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because completely felt i misunderstood
says i went through lot of pain during the rock hudson episode because i felt completely misunderstood
says maupin i went through a lot of pain during the hudson episode because i felt completely misunderstood
" says Tommy maupin: " " i went through Finbarr a lot of pain during the rock Giovannelli hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" Andro says maupin: " " i went through a Mintz lot of pain during Jute the rock hudson episode, because i felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " ace went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson episode, because 1 felt completely misunderstood " ". "
" says maupin: " " i went through a lot of pain during the rock hudson installment, because i felt completely misinterpret " ". "
2
"She insisted ""I am not lying to this committee."""
she insisted this am not lying to i committee
she committee i am not lying to this insisted
she i am not lying to this committee
she insisted i not lying to this committee
" she insisted " " i am not Timo lying to MAY this committee. " " "
" she GPU insisted " " Suva i am not lying to this committee. " " "
" she insisted " " i am not lie to this committee. " " "
" she insisted " " i exist not lying to this committee. " " "
0
"She said ""Of course, you know, I'm really so misunderstood."""
she said of course you misunderstood im really so know
she said of course misunderstood know im really so you
she of course you know really so misunderstood
she said of course you know im really so
" she said " " of course, you know, SWOSSAA i ' m Huntingdon really so Hommerson misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of course, Yours you know, Engender i ' President m really so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of course, you know, i ' mb really so misunderstood. " " "
" she said " " of course, you know, i ' metre very therefore misunderstood. " " "
2
"Sir, I lied about myself."
sir i about lied myself
about i lied sir myself
i lied about myself
i lied about myself
" sir, Golestan i lied about myself. "
" incl sir, i lied about myself. "
" sir, 1 lied about myself. "
" sir, i lied astir myself. "
2
"So then they suggested we go to my house, and I said no again."
so i they suggested we go to my house and then said no again
so then they suggested we go to my house and again said no i
so then they suggested we go to my house and said no again
so then they suggested we go to my house and no again
" so then they GrindTV suggested we Stewart go to my house, and i said no again. "
" Socca so then they suggested we go to my house, and Paradorn i said no again. "
" so then they suggested we live on to my house, and i said no again. "
" so then they suggested we go to my house, and i said no once again. "
2
Some misunderstood what I meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
what misunderstood some i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what by meant i democracy in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by in my inauguration speech
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy my inauguration speech
some misunderstood Double what i meant Swiss by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy Pengcheng in Jai my inauguration speech.
some misunderstand what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
some misunderstood what i meant by democracy in my inauguration speech.
2
Sometimes I lie to myself.
sometimes i to lie myself
to i lie sometimes myself
i lie to myself
i lie to myself
sometimes i lie to drivng myself.
sometimes i lie to airborne myself.
sometimes i lie to myself.
sometimes i lie to myself.
2
"Still on the message board Friday night, one note to Stinnett from 'Darlene' said ""I was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email""."
still to the said board have night one note on stinnett from darlene message i was recommended to you and friday been unable to reach you by either phone or email
still on the message board friday and one from to stinnett note darlene or i was recommended to you night have been unable to reach you by either phone said email
still on message board friday night to stinnett darlene said i was recommended you and have been unable to reach you by either phone or
still on the message board friday night one note to stinnett from said i was to and have been unable to reach you by either or email
" still on the message board friday night, R. one note Cloud to stinnett from ' darlene ' Travelsafe said " " i was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach InTelestage you Specialist by either phone or email " ". "
" still on the message board friday night, one note mother to stinnett from ' Mit darlene ' said " " i was recommended Patina to you: and have been unable to reach you by either James phone THOSE or email " ". "
" still on the message board friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' said " " i was recommended to you: and take been ineffective to hit you by either phone or email " ". "
" still on the message board friday night, one note to stinnett from ' darlene ' say " " i was recommended to you: and have been unable to reach you by either phone or email " ". "
2
That's the only thing I lie about is years.
thats the i thing only lie about is years
thats the lie thing i only about is years
thats the only thing i lie about is years
thats the only thing lie is
that ' s the NYSE only thing i lie about is Mark years.
hyang that ' s the only thing i lie about silicone is years.
that ' s the only affair one lie about is years.
that ' s the only affair i lie about equal years.
2
"The witness replied:""I lied about myself."""
the witness lied i replied about myself
i witness replied the lied about myself
the witness replied i lied about myself
the witness replied i lied about myself
" the witness replied: " " i WR lied Ingmar about myself. " " "
" periprosthetic the witness replied: " " i lied Dan about myself. " " "
" the witness replied: " " atomic number 53 lied astir myself. " " "
" the witness replied: " " i lied astir myself. " " "
2
There is just one problem: I lied about my age when I first applied for the job because of age-discrimination fears.
there about just one problem i lied discrimination my age when i first applied for the job because of age is fears
there is just one the i lied about my age when i for applied first problem job because of age discrimination fears
there is just one problem i lied about my age i first for the job because of age fears
there is one problem i lied about my age when i first applied for the job because of age discrimination fears
there is just one problem: i lied about my Quarantines age when i Treasure first applied Of for the job because of age - discrimination fears.
there is just one problem: i lied about HRIM my age when i first applied for the paddlewheels job because of age - Shabla discrimination fears.
there is just one problem: i lied about my age when i first applied for the problem because of years - discrimination fears.
there is exactly one problem: i lied about my years when i first applied for the job because of age - discrimination fears.
2
They'd become more active when I lied about taking the watch than when I truthfully denied taking the ring.
theyd more become active when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring
theyd become more active when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully taking denied the ring
theyd become more active when i lied about taking than when i truthfully denied the ring
theyd become more active when i lied about taking the than when i truthfully denied taking the ring
Achieve they ' d become Tustin more active when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully Russ denied taking the ring.
they ' d become more active when i lied about taking the watch than when Islamic i truthfully denied taking tailback the Muriate ring.
they ' d become more active when i lied about charter the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring.
they ' d become to a greater extent participating when i lied about taking the watch than when i truthfully denied taking the ring.
2
"Today I will say no: I can't, it's impossible."
today i will say no impossible cant its i
today i its say no i cant will impossible
today i will say no i cant its impossible
today will no i cant its impossible
" today i will say no: i Marian can ' t, Rylin it ' s impossible. "
" today i Carabiner will say no: i can ' t, protester it ' s impossible. "
" today i will say no: iodine lav ' t, it ' s impossible. "
" today i will say no: i can ' t, information technology ' s impossible. "
1
"Well, I no longer lie about the fact that I've done quite a lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard. "
well i no longer lie about the fact that ive done quite a lot it work and springboard we might as well use of as a that
a i no longer lie about the fact that ive done quite well lot of work and it we might as well use that as a springboard
well i no longer lie about the fact that ive done lot of work and that we might as well use it as a springboard
well i no longer lie about the fact that ive done quite lot of work and that we might as well it as a springboard
" behaviorism well, i no longer ensnared lie about the fact that i ' ve done quite a lot of work Milteer and that we might iron as well use it as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie Miguel about the fact Biago that i ' ve done quite a lot of work and penthouse that we might as Chocolate well use it as a springboard. "
" well, i no longer lie astir the fact that i ' ve done quite a good deal of work and that we might equally well use it as a springboard. "
" advantageously, i no longer lie about the fact that i ' ve done quite a mountain of work and that we might as well use it as a jumping off point. "
0
We're going on vacation next week and I'm already getting a little panicky because I know my husband and I will have that argument again.
were argument on vacation next week and im already getting a and panicky because i know my husband little i will have that going again
were going on vacation next week and that already getting a i panicky because little know my husband and i will have im argument again
were going on vacation next week and im already getting a little panicky because i know my husband i will have that argument again
were going vacation week and already getting a panicky because i know my husband i will have that argument again
we ' re going on Fahem vacation next week and retool i ' m already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i Glass will have that argument again.
we ' re going on vacation next week theif and i ' m already getting a little panicky Dri because i know my husband and i will have BOCA that argument again.
we ' re going on holiday next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because i know my husband and i will have that argument again.
we ' re going on vacation next week and i ' m already getting a little panicky because i know my hubby and i will have that argument again.
1
What I said was completely misunderstood.
what said i was completely misunderstood
was i said what completely misunderstood
what i said was completely misunderstood
what i said was completely misunderstood
what i said was Ras completely misunderstood.
what i said was FULFILLED completely misunderstood.
what iodin said was completely misunderstood.
what single said was completely misunderstood.
2
"What I said was misunderstood at Sunderland, and I want to apologise but when I say that he deserves better I mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities."
what apologise said was i at sunderland and i want to i but when misunderstood say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with opportunities to sporting regards
what i said was misunderstood with sunderland and i want deserves apologise but when i to that he say better i mean it in uniquely at regards to sporting opportunities
what i said was misunderstood at sunderland and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserves better mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities
what i said was at sunderland and want to but when i say he better i it in uniquely regards to opportunities
" bobcat what i said was misunderstood at XMB sunderland, and i want to apologise but when i say cruelties that he Underground deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
" what i said was misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when Nazima i say that he Mubaraks deserves better i mean it Datebook in uniquely with regards to sporting Jilin opportunities. "
" what i said be misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologise but when i say that he deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to frolic opportunities. "
" what i said was misunderstood at sunderland, and i want to apologize but when i say that helium deserves better i mean it in uniquely with regards to sporting opportunities. "
2
"Whatever I did, I lied to myself."
whatever lied did i i to myself
lied i did i whatever to myself
whatever i did i lied to myself
i did i lied to myself
" whatever Guang i did, i Yemen lied to myself. "
" whatever Red i did, i lied VFIN to myself. "
" whatever i did, i lied to myself. "
" any i did, i consist to myself. "
2
When I got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes.
when i got married though over wife is a wonderful cook we would argue my who would do dishes
when i got married though my would is a wonderful cook we would argue over who wife do dishes
when married though my wife is a wonderful cook would argue over who would do dishes
when i got married though my wife is wonderful cook we would argue over who would do dishes
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we Clyde would argue over Cauldwell who would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue Ynysybwl over who Manager would do dishes.
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would fence over who would do mantrap.
when i got married though my wife is a wonderful cook we would argue ended who would do dishes.
2
"When I speak I am misunderstood said General Yasar Buyukanit, cited by CNN-Turk and NTV television."
when i speak i am misunderstood said general cited buyukanit yasar by cnn turk and ntv television
when i speak and am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk i ntv television
when i speak i am said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk ntv television
when i i am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit cited by cnn turk and ntv television
" when i speak i am ischemic misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit, cited by Chris cnn - turk and ntv Parashis television. "
" when i speak i am misunderstood said general Claudy yasar buyukanit, Pittsburgh cited Tomislav by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when i speak unity am misunderstood say general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
" when iodin speak i am misunderstood said general yasar buyukanit, cited by cnn - turk and ntv television. "
2
"Yes, we've argued with one another, but I've also argued with my wife, and we've been married for 45 years. "
yes weve argued with with one but ive also argued another my wife and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued with one another but argued also ive with my wife and weve been years for 45 married
yes weve argued with one another but argued with my wife and weve been married for 45 years
yes weve argued with one another but ive also argued with my and weve been married for 45 years
" yes, we ' ve argued SCVAL with one another, but i ' ve also argued with my wife, LPK and we ' ve been married Amy for 45 investors years. "
" yes, we ' ve argued Rosen with one another, but i ' ve also argued Sopot with my .####/.#### wife, and relievers we ' ve been married for 45 years. "
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' ve also argued with my wife, and we ' ve be married for 45 year. "
" yes, we ' ve argued with one another, but i ' ve also argued with my wife, and we ' ve been married for 45 geezerhood. "
2
You are the only person in the world I have never told a lie to and never will.
you are the only person in the world i will never told a lie to and never have
you are the only person in the world i have never told a lie never and to will
you are the only in the world i have never told a lie to and never will
you the only in the world i have never told a to and never will
you are the only person in the world i have never told a lie to and Laysan never information will.
you are Andras the only person in the world i have never told a coach lie to and never will.
you are the only person in the world i have ne'er told a lie to and ne'er will.
you are the alone person in the world i have never told a lie to and never will.
0
"And because I want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my Olympic Games, I went to the dentist to get it repaired he said."
and because i want to have happy pictures and nice memories of my olympic games i went to said dentist to get it repaired he the
and because i want to have nice pictures and dentist memories of my olympic games i happy to the went to get it repaired he said
and because i want to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic games i went to the repaired he
and because want to nice pictures and of my olympic games i to dentist to get it repaired he said
" and Yarn because i want to have nice pictures and happy Brainwashed memories of my olympic games, i Kittatinny went to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
" and because i want to have nice pictures Uncles and happy memories of my olympic games, i Slutty went to the dentist to get it megapixel repaired he said. "
" and because i need to have nice pictures and happy memories of my olympic games, i went to the dentist to get it repaired he state. "
" and because i want to receive nice pictures and glad memories of my olympic games, i went to the dentist to get it repaired he said. "
2
"And we can go to hospital, but I don't want to humiliate you Watts said."
and we can go to watts but i dont want to humiliate you hospital said
to we can go to hospital but i dont want and humiliate you watts said
and we go to hospital i dont want to humiliate you watts said
and we can go to but i dont want to humiliate you watts said
" PSEi and corn we can go to hospital, but i don ' t Uffer want to humiliate you watts said. "
" and bunion we can go to phased hospital, mutton but i don ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we can go to hospital, but 1 don ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
" and we hindquarters go to hospital, but i father ' t want to humiliate you watts said. "
1
I can go into any restaurant in Europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go into any restaurant in europe smuggled order and caviar he said
i can go into any restaurant caviar europe and order smuggled in he said
i can go into any restaurant in europe and smuggled caviar he said
i can go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said
i Zug can go into any restaurant in europe and Doersam order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar ##a he Lyrio said.
i tin go into any restaurant in europe and order smuggled caviar he said.
i can go into any restaurant in european community and order smuggle caviar he said.
1
I could take the boys to the sports museum says James
i could take the boys to the says museum sports james
i could take the boys to the museum sports says james
i could the boys to the sports museum says james
i could take the boys to the sports museum says james
i could take the boys ISPR to the sports museum says Mike james
i could take the boys 2XL to founded the sports museum says james
i could bring the boys to the sports museum says james
i could take the male child to the sportsman museum says james
1
I had gone to the morgue to view the bodies Khalilzad said.
had i gone to the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone morgue the to to view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone to the morgue to view the bodies khalilzad said
i had gone to morgue view the bodies khalilzad said
i Tassiello had gone to the morgue to view the Triumphant bodies khalilzad said.
Bellera i had gone to the morgue mudlarks to view the bodies khalilzad said.
i had gone to the morgue to see the body khalilzad said.
i experience gone to the morgue to view the dead body khalilzad said.
2
"I keep going to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when I last saw them said Fejzic, whose 16-year-old son was wrested from her embrace by Bosnian Serb soldiers after they captured the former Muslim enclave."
i keep was to every new mass grave to every morgue in going to recognize the remains of had or anything they clothes with fejzic when i last hope them said them whose 16 year old son saw wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every new year grave them every morgue said hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with to saw i last 16 them in fejzic whose when mass old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every new mass grave every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of or anything they with them last saw them said fejzic whose 16 year old son was wrested her embrace by serb soldiers they captured the former muslim enclave
i keep going to every new mass grave every morgue in hope recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with when i them said fejzic whose 16 year son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the muslim enclave
" i keep going to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains Eastern of clothes or anything they Bilal had with them when i bronchial last Holo saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from Safety her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers ITSC after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going Ltd. to every new mass grave, spokesman to Marca every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of Madsen clothes or anything they Kolwezi had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim cardioprotective enclave. "
" i keep fit to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them said fejzic, whose xvi - year - former son was wrested from her embrace by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the former muslim enclave. "
" i keep going to every new mass grave, to every morgue in hope to recognize the remains of clothes or anything they had with them when i last saw them state fejzic, whose 16 - year - old son was wrested from her embracement by bosnian serb soldiers after they captured the onetime muslim enclave. "
2
"I visited the Kennedy Library and then I visited the Holocaust Museum and I saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people Maida said."
i visited the kennedy library and what i visited the holocaust museum and i saw how they told the story has of event and then an impact that an had on people maida said
i kennedy the visited saw and then i visited the holocaust told and i library how they museum the story of an event and what an impact that has had on people maida said
i visited the kennedy library then i visited the holocaust museum and saw how they told the story of an event and what an impact that has had on people said
i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum i saw how they told the story of event and what an impact that has had on people maida said
" WHEN i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum stepmother and i saw how they told the story of an event, and what an impact MAM that has had on people Stuart maida said. "
" i visited the kennedy library TOM and then i visited the holocaust museum and i RM##.#mil saw dapperly how they told Honker the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people maida said. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum and i witness how they told the storey of an event, and what an impact that has had on people maida say. "
" i visited the kennedy library and then i visited the holocaust museum and i picture how they told the story of an event, and what an impact that has had on people maida said. "
0
"I went to the dentist in Tijuana this morning and I don't care about that flu said Christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name."
i went to the dentist in tijuana this name and i dont care who about flu said christy a woman in her 60s that would not give her full morning
i went to in dentist the tijuana this morning and said dont christy about that flu i care a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name
i went to dentist in tijuana this morning and i dont care about that flu said christy a woman in 60s who would not give her full name
i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning i that flu said christy a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i don ' t care about that flu said christy, Chevrolet a woman in her 60s who Piques would not give Bastardo her spokesman full name. "
" i went to transvestite the dentist in tijuana wnet this morning and i Vaio don ' t care about that overly flu said christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this morning and i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate care astir that influenza said christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name. "
" i went to the dentist in tijuana this dawn and 1 don ' t care astir that flu said christy, a woman in her 60s who would not give her full name. "
2
I went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if I was playing Nadal said.
i went to the injury and he told me the doctor could worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i playing was nadal said
i went to the doctor and me the injury could if i was playing nadal
i to the doctor and me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal said
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen ####RPM if i was playing ProMetic nadal said.
i unbilled went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i analytic was playing nadal said.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i was playing nadal enjoin.
i went to the doctor and he told me the injury could worsen if i personify diddle nadal said.
2
I went to the doctors and it's getting a lot better she said.
i went to lot doctors and its getting a the better she said
i went and the doctors to its getting a lot better she said
went to the and its getting lot better she said
i went to the doctors and its getting a lot better she said
i went to the doctors Lusche and it ' s getting a lot better she judge said.
i Bat went to the doctors and it ' #,###,### s getting a lot better she said.
i proceed to the doctors and it ' s getting a lot better she said.
i go to the doctors and it ' s get a lot better she said.
2
"If I go to a restaurant, do I make sure all the waiters there are all legal? How would I do that? the former Massachusetts governor asked."
if i go to a restaurant governor i make sure all the waiters there do all legal how would i are that the former massachusetts do asked
if i go the to restaurant do i make sure all the waiters there are all legal how would i do that a former massachusetts governor asked
if i go to a restaurant do i make sure all the waiters there are all legal would i do that the former massachusetts governor asked
if i a restaurant do i make sure all the waiters there are all legal how would i do that the former massachusetts governor asked
" DeFoe if i go to a restaurant, do i deluxe make sure all the waiters there are all http://www.morphosys.com legal? how would i Chrissy do that? the former massachusetts governor asked. "
" if Wheat i go to a restaurant, do i senselessly make sure all the waiters there are Tigbauan all legal? how would i do that? the wisecracking former massachusetts governor asked. "
" if i go to a restaurant, fare i make sure all the waiter there are all effectual? how would i do that? the former massachusetts governor ask. "
" if i go to a restaurant, do i make sure all the waiters there are all sound? how would i serve that? the former massachusetts governor asked. "
1
"I'll take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that's all I've got planned for the holidays he said."
ill take my girlfriend out to eat at all restaurant the thats a ive got planned for but holidays he said
ill got my girlfriend thats to eat at a restaurant but out all ive take planned for the holidays he said
ill take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant but thats all ive got planned for the holidays he said
ill take girlfriend out eat at restaurant but thats all got planned for holidays he said
" i ' ll take my girlfriend out www.gtec to eat Shashi at a uncle restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve severe got planned for the holidays he said. "
" Tax i ' CLEMSON ll take my Howie girlfriend out to eat at Yorktown a restaurant, but that ' s all i ' ve got planned for the holidays he said. "
" i ' ll take my lady friend out to eat at a restaurant, just that ' s all i ' ve got planned for the holidays atomic number 2 said. "
" i ' ll take my girlfriend out to eat at a restaurant, but that ' s all 1 ' ve got plan for the holiday he said. "
1
I'm going to see a doctor soon and we'll see what we can do Kiefer told reporters.
im going to see a doctor soon and well see what we told do kiefer can reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well kiefer what we can do see told reporters
im going to see a doctor soon and well what we can do kiefer told reporters
im going to see doctor soon and see what can do kiefer told reporters
i ' m BlastGard going to see a doctor soon tenpin and we ' Munaf ll see what we can do kiefer told reporters.
i ' m going to Yang see a doctor soon and we ' ll see GAYLE what we can do kiefer told Kulinich reporters.
i ' m going to see a doctor shortly and we ' ll see what we can do kiefer told reporter.
i ' megabyte going to see a doctor soon and we ' ll see what we can do kiefer told reporters.
1
I'm going to the dentist Irv says.
im going to the irv dentist says
im going the to dentist irv says
im going to the dentist irv says
im going to the dentist irv says
i ' m going to ADDS the dentist irv says.
i ' m going to the dentist irv Yardarm says.
i ' m going to the tooth doctor irv says.
i ' m go to the dentist irv says.
2
I'm on my way to the dentist Marzel joked.
im my on way to the dentist marzel joked
im on marzel way to the dentist my joked
im on way to the dentist marzel joked
on my way to the dentist marzel joked
i ' m on Boaz my way to the dentist Ames marzel joked.
i ' m fight on my way to the TSSA dentist marzel joked.
i ' molarity on my way to the dentist marzel joked.
i ' m on my way to the tooth doctor marzel joke.
1
Now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said Ditchburn.
now we go said a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week to ditchburn
now we go to once local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe a a week said ditchburn
now we go a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn
now we go to a taverna with a euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn
now we go to a local Drisdelle taverna with a set euro 12 Ning.com menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
now we go to Zariff a local taverna with a set euro 12 serial menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a set euro 12 menu maybe erst a week said ditchburn.
now we go to a local taverna with a seth euro 12 menu maybe once a week said ditchburn.
0
This new site is the only place where we know we can go and find the North Pacific right whale Tynan said.
this new site is the only place where we know the can go and find pacific north we right whale tynan said
this new site is the only place where we know tynan can go and find the north said right whale we pacific
this new site is the only place we we go and the north right whale tynan said
new site only place where we know we can go and find the pacific right whale tynan said
this new KEVIN site is LAUREL the only Perinçek place where we know we can go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said.
this new site is the only place where we know we can go and Gabe find the north AspenBio pacific official right whale tynan said.
this new site is the only place where we know we can go and find the north pacific ocean right heavyweight tynan said.
this fresh site is the only place where we know we crapper go and find the north pacific right whale tynan said.
0
This time we were able to go to the cemetery Tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said interview a telephone in
this time we were able to go to the cemetery telephone said in a tamayo interview
this we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo in a telephone interview
this time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview
this time we were able to Yeleti go to the Cark cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this time we were able to go to the Protestant cemetery tamayo said in Norman a telephone interview.
this clock time we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
this fourth dimension we were able to go to the cemetery tamayo said in a telephone interview.
2
"Until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what caused the Sago accident Dye said."
until the can safely enter the mine sago thoroughly examine we site we will not know what caused the to accident dye said
until we can safely enter to caused the thoroughly examine the site we will not know what mine the sago accident dye said
until we safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site will what caused the sago accident dye said
until we can safely enter mine to thoroughly examine the site we will not know what the sago accident dye said
" until we can safely enter the mine CEO to thoroughly www.liducks.com examine the site, we will not know what PRNewswire caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we can IF safely STATUTE enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what caused the PURCHASE sago accident dye said. "
" until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the website, we will non know what caused the sago accident dye said. "
" until we can safely enter the mine to thoroughly examine the site, we will not know what caused the sago accident dyestuff said. "
1
We are conducting site visits he said.
we are site conducting visits he said
conducting are we site visits he said
we conducting site visits he said
we are conducting site visits he
By we are conducting site visits he said.
we are conducting Uffizi site visits he said.
we are conducting internet site visits he said.
we are conducting website visits he said.
1
We are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital of to the site and the killings he added
we are going to hospital and to the site the of killings he added
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings added
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he
we are going Introductory to hospital and Jeff to the site of the killings he added.
Bogh we are going to hospital and THEM to the site of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the website of the killings he added.
we are going to hospital and to the site of the killings he added.
2
"We had prepared for another party  but  I have come to see them for the last time in the morgue said Osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands."
we had prepared for another party but to have come i see osmani for the last time in the morgue said who them held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
we had prepared for another party gold i have trembling to see them for the last time in the morgue said osmani who held two but bracelets his in come hands
we had prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the last time in the morgue said osmani who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
we prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the last time in the morgue said osmani who held two gold bracelets in his trembling hands
" we RioTinto had prepared for another party but Rob i have come to see them for the last time in the morgue onlooker said osmani, who held two gold bracelets in his trembling wider hands. "
" we had Larus prepared for another party but i have come to see de them for the last time in the morgue said osmani, who held two splashback gold bracelets in Fortune his trembling hands. "
" we had prepared for another party but i have fall to see them for the last time in the morgue said osmani, who held two gold watchstrap in his trembling hand. "
" we bear prepared for another party but i have come to see them for the last time in the morgue articulate osmani, who held two amber bracelets in his trembling hands. "
2
"When I got to the hospital, they told me to take Saber to the morgue said Dirbi."
when i got to the hospital they saber me to take told to the morgue said dirbi
to i got to the hospital they told me to take saber when the morgue said dirbi
i got to the hospital they told me take saber to morgue said dirbi
when i got to the hospital they told me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi
" when Aklavik i got to the hospital, they Leader told me to Krishna take saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i Novell got to the hospital, they told me Sharaf to take saber to bladed the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i convey to the hospital, they severalize me to remove saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
" when i get to the hospital, they told me to take saber to the morgue said dirbi. "
2
"*He ran away on Oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said:""The reason I left is because I could not stand going to the hospital every week."""
he ran to on oct 26 parents a farewell note is his leaving that said the reason i left to because i could not stand going away the hospital every week
that ran away note oct 26 leaving a farewell on to his parents he said the reason i left is because i the not stand going to could hospital every week
he ran away on oct 26 leaving a farewell note to his parents that said the reason i left is because i could not stand going to the hospital every week
he ran on 26 leaving a farewell note to his parents that said the reason i left is because i could not stand going to the hospital every week
" * he ran away on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said: " " the prosecutor reason ACR i left is because i could not Steven stand going to HUMAN the Insituform hospital every week. " " "
" * QB he ran IS away on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents www.kgab.com that said: " " the reason meters/## i left senator is because i could not stand going to the hospital every week. " " "
" * he run away on oct. 26, leaving a parting note to his parents that say: " " the reason i left is because i could non stand going to the hospital every week. " " "
" * he ran away on oct. 26, leaving a farewell note to his parents that said: " " the reason 1 leave is because i could not stand going to the hospital every week. " " "
2
6:02 p.m. Abby and I travel uptown on the subway to Xai Xai Wine Bar.
6 02 p abby m and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar
6 02 xai m abby and i travel uptown on the subway to p xai wine bar
6 02 p m abby and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai bar
6 02 p m abby and i travel uptown on subway to xai xai wine bar
6: 02 p. m. abby and i Gavin travel uptown on the subway to xai Billboard xai wine Pallet bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and i niya travel uptown on Pirelli the subway carbon to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. m. abby and i jaunt uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
6: 02 p. chiliad. abby and i travel uptown on the subway to xai xai wine bar.
0
"A few months ago, I was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after I cut my wrist while working in the fields."
a few months ago a was taken to a government fields for i minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the hospital
a few months ago i was taken to a government minor for a hospital surgery after i while my wrist cut working in the fields
a few months ago i was taken government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the fields
a few months i was taken to a government hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the fields
" Abohoman a few months ago, i was taken to ZK### a government hospital for a minor surgery after Kessel i cut my wrist while working in the fields. "
" Swiss a few months ago, i was taken to a footballing government hospital for a chatterati minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was taken to a government hospital for a nonaged surgery after atomic number 53 cut my wrist while working in the fields. "
" a few months ago, i was taken to a political science hospital for a minor surgery after i cut my wrist while working in the playing area. "
2
"A few years ago I spent several days sitting in the back of a library in London, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of Soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and'80s by Amnesty International."
a few years ago i spent several days sitting amnesty in back a of library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and80s by the international
a few years ago i spent several published conditions in the back of a library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of soviet prison by days in the 1970s and80s sitting amnesty international
a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a in london reading through newsletters pamphlets other accounts of soviet conditions published the 1970s and80s by amnesty international
a few years ago i spent several days in the back of a library in london reading through newsletters pamphlets and other accounts of prison conditions published the 1970s and80s by amnesty
" a few years ago i spent several hobbling days sitting in the back of a library in london, reading through newsletters, combative pamphlets and other accounts of soviet DLNA prison conditions Musudan published in the transdermal 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
" a Sukhatme few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of petroleum a library in london, reading through newsletters, pamphlets and other accounts of DiVosta soviet prison conditions Dietary published in the 1970s Kerri and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a library in capital of the united kingdom, reading through newsletters, pamphlet and other accounts of soviet prison house conditions published in the seventies and ' fourscore by amnesty international. "
" a few years ago i spent several days sitting in the back of a library in john griffith chaney, read through newsletters, pamphlet and other accounts of soviet prison conditions published in the 1970s and ' 80s by amnesty international. "
0
"A few years ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla-lingonberry butter and I still shudder at the thought."
a few years ago butter friend took me to a i where the bread was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry a and restaurant still shudder at the thought
a few years ago a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry the and i shudder still at butter thought
a few years ago a took me to a restaurant where the bread was vanilla butter and i still shudder at the thought
a few years ago a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought
" a few years ago, a friend took Prime me Tubbs to Detheridge a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla - Foggy lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few years ago, a friend Tread took me to a restaurant where the bread NAVTEQ was accompanied by vanilla - Martin lingonberry butter and i still Waki shudder at the thought. "
" a few age ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompanied by vanilla - lingonberry butter and i still shudder at the thought. "
" a few years ago, a friend took me to a restaurant where the bread was accompany by vanilla extract - lingonberry butter and i withal throb at the thought. "
0
"A few years ago, my son and I, driving from California to Texas, made an unplanned detour off Interstate 40 at Albuquerque, N.M., a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard."
a few years ago my decided and i wandering made california to texas from an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n a a city to which we had for been and after driving around never an hour or two son to eat at m restaurant of which we had never heard
a few an ago my son and i driving from california an texas made to at detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque we m a city to which we had never years and after wandering around for been hour or two decided to eat unplanned a restaurant of which n had never heard
a few years ago son and i driving from california to texas made an unplanned detour interstate 40 at albuquerque m a city to which we had never and after wandering around for an hour or two to eat at a of which we had never heard
a few years ago son and i driving from california to texas made unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque n m a city to which we had never been and after around for an hour two decided eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard
" a few years ago, my son Ameet and i, de driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate passcodes 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had never been, and after wandering LON around for Post an hour or two, decided oped@northjersey.com to eat VT at a restaurant of which we had never heard. "
" a few years Lee ago, my son and i, driving from california to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a soft city to which we had never been, Foot and after wandering acces around for an hour or two, Andipatti decided Intel to eat at a restaurant of which By we had never heard. "
" a few age ago, my son and iodine, driving from golden state to texas, made an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour or two, decided to eat at a restaurant of which we had never heard. "
" a few years ago, my son and i, driving from california to texas, make an unplanned detour off interstate 40 at albuquerque, n. m. , a city to which we had never been, and after wandering around for an hour operating theatre two, decided to eat at a eating place of which we had never heard. "
0
"A small boat delivered me to the tour site, where I joined a group of visitors."
a small boat delivered me to the tour joined where i site a group of visitors
a small a delivered me to the tour site where i joined boat group of visitors
a boat delivered me the tour site where i joined a group of visitors
a small delivered me to the tour site where joined a group of
" a small Leah boat delivered me to the tour site, where i Sumitomo joined a group of visitors. "
" a small AMERICAN boat delivered 5cents me to the tour site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
" a low boat delivered maine to the tour site, where i joined a group of visitors. "
" a small boat delivered me to the tour site, where i join a group of visitors. "
0
"Added running back Harvey Williams, I just asked Terry if I could go to Hawaii site of the Pro Bowl with him."
if running back harvey williams i asked just terry added i could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
of running back harvey williams i hawaii asked terry if i could go to just site added the pro bowl with him
added running back harvey williams just asked terry if i to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
added running williams i just asked terry if could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him
" added Tommie running Quarterback back harvey williams, i just asked terry if neuromuscular i could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey DESTROYING williams, i just asked terry if SteelFiber i could go to hawaii site of the pro Makabe bowl with him. "
" added running back harvey williams, i just asked terry if iodin could go to hawaii site of the pro bowl with him. "
" added running backwards harvey williams, i just asked terry if 1 could go to hawaii situation of the pro bowl with him. "
1
"After doing the interviews at the press room, I went to eat something in the restaurant."
after doing interviews the at the press room i went to eat something in the restaurant
after doing the interviews at the i room press went to eat something in the restaurant
after doing at the press room i went to eat something in the
doing the interviews at the press room i went to eat something in the restaurant
" after doing the interviews Marshal at the press room, i Kraig went to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after doing readily the HEAnet interviews at the press room, i went to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after doing the interviews at the press room, i perish to eat something in the restaurant. "
" after doing the interviews at the press room, i went to deplete something in the restaurant. "
0
"After our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the Mendocino Headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of Main Street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea."
after our customary dessert of yogurt watched active cultures we walked to the mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice at street end of main the where we with the a sink into sun calm sea
after our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures atop walked to the mendocino headlands a park we a precipice at the main we end street where of watched the sun sink into a calm sea
after our customary dessert yogurt with active walked to mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice at the end of main street where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea
after our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures walked to the mendocino headlands a park atop a precipice the end of main street where we watched the sun sink into a calm sea
" after our customary Joe dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end DiFederico of main street, where we ADVT watched unapologetic the sun sink into Jim a calm sea. "
" after our customary AMANDA dessert of yogurt Pickwick with Jennet active cultures, we walked Atholl to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of main street, where candidate we watched the sun sink into a calm sea. "
" after our customary dessert of yoghourt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of main street, where we watched the sun sink into a calm ocean. "
" after our customary dessert of yogurt with active cultures, we walked to the mendocino headlands, a park atop a precipice at the end of main street, where we watched the dominicus sink into a calm sea. "
0
"After that, I roamed widely in the French Quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l'Espace, a cultural center and language school supported by the government of France and the Fine Arts Museum on Nguyen Thai Hoc Street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century Vietnamese painters who learned Western techniques at Hanoi's Ecole Superieure des Beaux-Arts."
after that i the widely in roamed french quarter and villa learned to the west several at lespace a cultural center and language school supported france the government nguyen by and the fine arts museum on of thai hoc painters which has stopping galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese street who district western techniques at hanois ecole superieure des beaux arts
after and i roamed to in the french quarter stopping villa district widely des west that at lespace a cultural center and language government supported by the school of france and the fine arts museum arts nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois ecole superieure the beaux on
after that i roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west stopping at lespace a cultural center and language school by the government of france and the fine arts on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted early 20th century vietnamese painters western techniques hanois ecole des beaux arts
after that roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west stopping at a center and language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts on nguyen thai hoc street which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century vietnamese painters who learned western techniques at hanois superieure des beaux arts
" after that, i roamed widely Darmstaedter in the french quarter and Weighty villa district to the west, stopping honks at l ' Tim espace, a cultural center eftpos and language school supported by the government of france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to early 20th century Alice vietnamese painters x who learned western Lethem techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i roamed widely in the UNDP french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center Shymko and language school supported by the courtney government of france and the Islander fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to Marionneaux early 20th century vietnamese Harry painters who learned western SDFs techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure Senator des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i roamed widely in the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center and language schooltime supported by the government of anatole france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several heading devote to early 20th century vietnamese puma who learned western techniques at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
" after that, i roamed wide in the french quarter and villa district to the west, stopping at l ' espace, a cultural center and nomenclature school supported by the government of anatole france and the fine arts museum on nguyen thai hoc street, which has several galleries devoted to former 20th century vietnamese felis concolor who learned western proficiency at hanoi ' s ecole superieure des beaux - arts. "
0
"After we got things squared away at Tim's home, I went to the hospital to join him, Dee's mother, her brothers and my other son at Dee's bedside."
after we got things bedside away at tims hospital i went to the home to join him dees mother her brothers and my other son at dees squared
after hospital got things squared away at tims home i went to the we to join him dees mother her brothers and my other son bedside dees at
after we got things squared away at tims home i to the hospital to join him dees mother her brothers and my other at
after we got things squared away at tims home i went to the hospital to join him dees mother her brothers my other son at dees bedside
" after Dino we got things squared away at DOB tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to join him, dee ' swimmer s mother, her brothers Sanaag and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things embracing squared away President at tim ' Jordair s home, i Dizzy went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, her brothers and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, her brother and my other son at dee ' s bedside. "
" after we got things squared away at tim ' s home, i went to the hospital to join him, dee ' s mother, her brothers and my early son at dee ' s bedside. "
2
"And so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet."
and so we rather along to an ancient to where the monks condescend to the visitors up peaks where people take snapshots tag the taking in the vistas on monastery a cemetery so feet and narrow that than dead are buried standing on their steep
and so we so along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors up peaks where people take the rather the taking in than vistas on to a cemetery tag steep and narrow that snapshots dead are buried standing feet their on
and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors up peaks people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas on to a cemetery steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet
and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors peaks people take snapshots than taking in the vistas on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are standing on their feet
" Temporary and so we tag along to Automation an ancient monastery where the monks condescend Culottes to the visitors, up peaks ekramer@scn1.com where people take snapshots MESCOM rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monks condescend to the visitors, up peaks Mikro where people take snapshots SELL rather Sophia than taking in Okinawan the vistas, CHEYENNE on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet. "
" and so we tag along to an ancient monastery where the monastic condescend to the visitors, upward peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the vistas, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet. "
" and so we give chase along to an ancient monastery where the thelonious sphere monk condescend to the visitors, up peaks where people take snapshots rather than taking in the panorama, on to a cemetery so steep and narrow that the dead are buried standing on their feet. "
0
"And so when we went back to the hospital, there was no turning back then."
and so when back went back to the hospital there was no turning we then
and was when we went back to the hospital there so no turning back then
so when we went back to the there was no back then
so when went back to hospital there was no turning back then
" and so when we went back to the hospital, there Zevalin was no turning back Aspectoflove then. "
" and so when we went back to the hospital, there was Paul no turning back Sacramentum then. "
" and so when we went back to the hospital, there was no turn back then. "
" and so when we go back to the hospital, there was no turning back and then. "
2
And the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked going and told me we were all up to the hospital to see my mum
up the officer walked and and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum
and officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum
and the officer walked up and told me we were going to the hospital to see my mum
and the officer walked up and told By me we were all going to the hospital to see my guarded mum.
and the officer Dark walked up and Fontella told me we were all going to the hospital to see my mum.
and the officer walked up and told me we were all going to the hospital to assure my mum.
and the officer walked upward and told me we live all going to the hospital to see my mum.
2
"And two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: ""My brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown."""
20 two weeks after he has vomited up the and sleeping pills he swallowed my hospital met me at the brother and we went straight downtown
brother two straight after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my and met me at the hospital and we went weeks downtown
and weeks after he has vomited up 20 sleeping pills he swallowed my brother met me at the hospital and we went straight downtown
two he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills swallowed my brother met me hospital and we went straight downtown
" and two weeks hambre after he has vomited Christina up Thad the 20 sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my brother met me at the hospital and we went straight El downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he has vomited up the 20 sleeping pills he lions swallowed: " " my brother met me at Healthmed the Bellamore hospital and we went chemical straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he has vomit up up the xx sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my comrade met me at the hospital and we go straight downtown. " " "
" and two weeks after he has vomited up the xx sleeping pills he swallowed: " " my brother met me at the infirmary and we went straight downtown. " " "
0
"And when we went to a restaurant, my siblings and I were practically fluent."
and when we went to a restaurant my and siblings i were practically fluent
and my we went to a restaurant when siblings and i were practically fluent
and when we went to a my siblings i practically fluent
and when we went to a restaurant siblings and i were practically
" and when we went to a Rip restaurant, my siblings and i were lung practically fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my Cow siblings and i laboratory were practically fluent. "
" and when we went to a restaurant, my sibling and i were practically silver tongued. "
" and when we went to a eating house, my siblings and i were practically fluent. "
0
"And within striking distance we have such places as the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, the DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park, the Rose Art Museum, the MFA, the Peabody Essex Museum, MIT's List Visual Arts Center, and even the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art."
and within striking distance places have such we as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art visual decordova museum and sculpture peabody the rose art museum the mfa the park essex museum mits list the arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are making on efforts to keep abreast of goings notable in contemporary art
and within striking distance we have such places arts the massachusetts museum of contemporary art the decordova museum and sculpture park the rose art museum making as the peabody essex museum mits list visual mfa center and even gardner isabella stewart the museum in are the notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on which contemporary art
and within striking we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary the decordova museum and sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are notable efforts to abreast goings on in contemporary art
within striking distance we have such places as massachusetts museum of contemporary art the decordova and sculpture park the rose art museum the mfa the peabody essex museum mits list visual arts center and even the isabella stewart gardner museum which are making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art
" and within striking Hanson distance we have such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, Tamara the decordova Trivelli museum and sculpture park, the bee rose art museum, the mfa, Vivek the peabody champions essex museum, mit ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are sjambok making notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within Two striking distance Fgura we have such places as the massachusetts Satish museum of contemporary art, the Algorithm decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose Rosanne art museum, the mfa, luxury the peabody essex museum, mit ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making Eugenie notable efforts to keep abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
" and within striking distance we have such places as the massachuset museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, mit ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella stewart isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable travail to keep abreast of exit on in modern day art. "
" and within striking space we make such places as the massachusetts museum of contemporary art, the decordova museum and sculpture park, the rose art museum, the mfa, the peabody essex museum, massachusetts institute of technology ' s list visual arts center, and even the isabella stewart gardner museum, which are making notable efforts to hold open abreast of goings on in contemporary art. "
1
"Anya Nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a month, said:""When I go to McDonalds, it's like being in an expensive restaurant."""
anya nazarova 24 150 earns about when dollars a month said who i go to mcdonalds its like being in an expensive restaurant
anya nazarova 24 who earns about 150 dollars a month said restaurant i go to mcdonalds its like in being an expensive when
anya 24 who earns about 150 dollars a month said when i go to mcdonalds its like being in an expensive restaurant
anya nazarova 24 who earns about 150 a month said when i to mcdonalds its like being in an expensive restaurant
" anya nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 2PM dollars a month, said: " " when i go to Fatboy mcdonalds, it ' s like being Lethal in Goettingen an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who earns about 150 dollars a marbled month, DJL said: " " when i go oversized to mcdonalds, it ' Kolesnikov s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, 24, who make about 150 dollars a calendar month, said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, it ' s like be in an expensive restaurant. " " "
" anya nazarova, twenty four, who earns about 150 dollar mark a calendar month, said: " " when i go to mcdonalds, it ' s like being in an expensive restaurant. " " "
0
"As a parent, I would like to visit the site to learn more about the school."
as a parent i would like to about the site to learn more visit the school
parent a as i would like to visit the site to learn more about the school
as parent i would like to visit the site to learn more the school
as a parent i would like to the site to learn more the school
" as a parent, gallic i would like to visit the site SUNshine to learn more about the school. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the Foothills site to learn more Nail about the school. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the site to learn more about the shoal. "
" as a parent, i would like to visit the site to learn more about the shoal. "
1
"As children, we used to go downtown with him and go to the library."
as children we used with go downtown to him and go to the library
and children we used to go downtown with him as go to the library
as children used to go downtown with him and go to the
as children we used to go downtown with him go to the library
" as children, we used Wait to go downtown with him Agency and go to the library. "
" as Chinacast children, we used to Nancy go downtown with him and go to the library. "
" as tyke, we used to go downtown with him and live on to the library. "
" as children, we apply to go downtown with him and go to the library. "
0
"As darkness falls, we head to Ottawa's ByWard Market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs."
as darkness falls we head to ottawas byward market in area built boutiques a market that opened an 1840 with around gourmet cheese shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
with gourmet falls we head to ottawas byward market an area built around a market that opened in 1840 as boutiques darkness cheese shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
as darkness falls we head to ottawas byward market an area around a market that opened in 1840 with boutiques gourmet cheese shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
as darkness falls we to ottawas byward market an area built around a market that opened in 1840 gourmet shops bakeries restaurants and pubs
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: PGMA an area Kuchera built Oldsmobile around a market that IBKC opened in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as Blogertize darkness falls, we Binyanei head to ottawa ' Swindler s byward market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, Chemtrade with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as wickedness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward market: an area built around a market that opened in 1840, with boutiques, bon vivant cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
" as darkness falls, we head to ottawa ' s byward grocery: an area built around a market place that open in 1840, with boutiques, gourmet cheese shops, bakeries, restaurants and pubs. "
0
"As the sun began to set, I went to a restaurant on the Mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on Thailand's side of the river."
as the sun began to set i went to a restaurant on the mekong burning watched the and orange orb side sink below the tree line on thailands the of gradually river
as the sun side to set i went to a restaurant burning the mekong and watched the on orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailands of began the river
as the sun began to set to a restaurant on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailands side of the river
as the sun began to set i went to a restaurant the mekong and watched burning orb gradually sink below tree line on thailands side of the river
" as Klondike the sun Hegewisch began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink Vfend below the tree line on thailand ' s side nonworking of the river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to Mkhaya a restaurant hai on the mekong and watched the burning orange orb gradually sink Fall below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the actress river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong and watched the burning at the stake orangeness orb gradually sink below the tree line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
" as the sun began to set, i went to a restaurant on the mekong river and watched the burning orange orb step by step sink below the tree business line on thailand ' s side of the river. "
0
"At dinner, I went to restaurants in town, serving copious portions of rich, salty Czech food."
at dinner i went to portions in town serving copious restaurants of rich salty czech food
at dinner i went to restaurants in town serving copious portions of salty rich czech food
dinner i to restaurants in town serving copious portions of rich salty czech
at dinner i went to restaurants serving copious portions of rich czech food
" at dinner, i went Heinonen to restaurants in May town, serving copious portions of rich, salty czech Valerent food. "
" at dinner, DriveSol i went to restaurants in town, EFFECTS serving copious portions of Aubrey rich, salty czech food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in townsfolk, serving copious portions of racy, salty czech food. "
" at dinner, i went to restaurants in town, serving plenteous portions of deep, salty czech food for thought. "
0
"At the Al-Khalili mosque Hakima Ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue ""where I go every day to look for my daughter and her three children."""
wanted the al khalili mosque hakima ahmad every she at to stay close to the for morgue where i go said day to look hospital my daughter and her three children
at the mosque her al hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the daughter morgue where i go every day to look for my hospital and khalili three children
the al khalili hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital where i go every day to look for daughter and her three children
the al khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue where go every day to look for my daughter her three children
" at the al - khalili Galenika mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay Baltic close to the hospital morgue " " where i go every day to look for my daughter By and her three Ozeki children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted PhoneLynx to Beth stay close to Simon the hospital morgue " " where i 3trn go every day to look for my daughter and her three children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay close to the hospital morgue " " where i snuff it every day to look for my daughter and her three children. " " "
" at the al - khalili mosque hakima ahmad said she wanted to stay nigh to the infirmary morgue " " where i go every day to look for my daughter and her three children. " " "
2
At the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite.
at the each we cemetery placed roses at the gravesite
at the cemetery we the placed roses at each gravesite
at the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite
at the cemetery we each placed roses at the gravesite
at the cemetery we spud each placed Kalmanson roses at the gravesite.
Nick at the cemetery we each placed roses at Inmedius the gravesite.
at the cemetery we each position roses at the gravesite.
at the cemetery we each pose roses at the gravesite.
2
"Back in town we made a short stop at the Heritage Junction Museum, whose eclectic, well cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items."
community in town we made a short stop in the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of items artifacts displayed at one large room includes logging equipment sporting goods and household back
back in equipment we made a short stop and the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in one large room includes sporting town logging goods at household items
back in town made a short stop at the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community artifacts displayed in large room includes logging equipment sporting goods household items
back in we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum whose eclectic well cared for collection of community displayed in one large room includes logging equipment sporting goods and household items
" Riot back in town we made a zens short stop at the heritage junction Varat museum, whose eclectic, well Ben cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, Moonlight includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
" back in town we made a short Prakasan stop at kek the heritage junction museum, HAPPEN whose eclectic, well fundamentalist cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging blank equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
" back in townsfolk we made a short stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, well cared for collection of biotic community artifacts, displayed in one expectant elbow room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
" backward in town we made a little stop at the heritage junction museum, whose eclectic, comfortably cared for collection of community artifacts, displayed in one large room, includes logging equipment, sporting goods and household items. "
0
"Back then we got together in downtown Midland, in a hotel restaurant."
back then we got a in downtown midland in together hotel restaurant
back midland we got together in downtown then in a hotel restaurant
back then we got in downtown midland in a restaurant
back then we got together in downtown a hotel restaurant
" back Toyota then we Laser got together in downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" back ###.## then we got together in www.myflorida.com downtown midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" back then we stupefy together in business district midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
" backward then we got together in business district midland, in a hotel restaurant. "
0
"Before leaving mainland China, I visited one additional historic site, taking an overnight train from Beijing to Xi'an to see the terra-cotta warriors."
the leaving mainland china i visited one additional warriors site taking an overnight train from beijing to xian to see before terra cotta historic
to leaving mainland china i visited one additional historic site taking an overnight train from beijing cotta xian before see the terra to warriors
before leaving mainland china i visited one additional site taking an train from beijing to xian to see the terra warriors
before leaving mainland i one additional historic taking an overnight train from beijing to xian to see the terra cotta warriors
" before leaving mainland china, i Maniche visited one additional historic site, taking an Hedge overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to computerized see the terra - Fryauf cotta warriors. "
" before leaving Dispositions mainland china, i visited IGBP one additional historic Mitch site, taking Hiscox an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warriors. "
" before go away mainland china, i see one extra historic site, taking an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warrior. "
" before leaving mainland china, atomic number 53 visited one additional historic site, taking an overnight train from beijing to xi ' an to see the terra - cotta warrior. "
0
"Before leaving the Old House, we visited the stone library built by Charles Francis Adams in 1870."
before leaving the built house we visited the stone library old by charles francis adams in 1870
before leaving adams old house we visited the stone library built by charles francis the in 1870
before leaving the old house visited the stone library built charles francis adams in 1870
before leaving old house we visited stone library by charles francis adams in 1870
" before leaving the old house, we visited the Victor stone library built supermodel by charles francis adams in invading 1870. "
" before leaving the old Vallera house, we Pyung visited the stone library built handpass by charles francis adams in 1870. "
" before leaving the old house, we visited the stone library build by charles ii francis adams in 1870. "
" before leaving the old firm, we visited the stone library built by charles francis adams in 1870. "
0
"Before the disclosure of the notorious August 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the Gonzales hearings, I traveled to the Guantanamo Bay prison last February as part of a homeland security congressional delegation."
before the 2002 of the notorious august congressional memorandum condoning torture that traveled featured at the gonzales hearings i was to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security disclosure delegation
before the was torture the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning of that disclosure featured at the gonzales hearings i traveled to congressional guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security the delegation
before disclosure of the notorious august 2002 torture was featured at the gonzales hearings i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation
before the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation
" before hunts the disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning SIMONE torture that Carl was featured at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part Margaret of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the Joseph disclosure of the notorious august 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was featured at the gonzales hearings, i Craen traveled to the Domenic guantanamo bay prison last february as part Barnegat of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the ill famed aug 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was feature at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo bay prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
" before the disclosure of the notorious aug 2002 memorandum condoning torture that was feature at the gonzales hearings, i traveled to the guantanamo alcove prison last february as part of a homeland security congressional delegation. "
2
"Before the Picasso Museum, I had visited Musee d'Orsay and its superb Impressionist collection."
before the picasso collection i had visited musee dorsay and its superb impressionist museum
before the dorsay museum i had visited musee picasso and its superb impressionist collection
before the picasso i had visited musee dorsay and its superb impressionist collection
before the picasso museum i had visited musee dorsay and its superb impressionist collection
" Guinness before the picasso museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay and chiffon its superb impressionist collection. "
" before Kofax the picasso museum, i had visited musee co d ' orsay and its superb impressionist collection. "
" before the picasso museum, i had visited musee d ' orsay and its superb impressionistic collection. "
" before the picasso museum, i had visited musee vitamin d ' orsay and its superb impressionist ingathering. "
0
"But I was curious, and I went to the public library."
but the was curious and i went to i public library
but i was curious and public went to the i library
but i was curious i went to the library
but i was curious and i went to the library
" but i was curious, and Paige i went Galants to the public library. "
" Ceberio but i was curious, and EE i went to the public library. "
" but i was singular, and i went to the public library. "
" but iodine was curious, and i went to the public library. "
0
But then I went to the library and took all these books out on spiders.
but then to went i the library and took all these books out on spiders
but then i went all the library and took to these books out on spiders
but then i went to the library and took all these books out on
but then i went to the library and took all these on spiders
but then i Moffi went to the library and Kazakh took all these books out on spiders.
but then i Kingswood went to the Mera library and took all these books out on spiders.
but then i went to the library and took all these books out on spider.
but then i move to the library and took all these books out on spiders.
0
"But we got lucky at Spilios, a taverna on a hill above Falassarna."
at we got lucky but spilios a taverna on a hill above falassarna
but a got lucky at spilios a taverna on we hill above falassarna
but we got lucky at a taverna on a hill falassarna
but we got lucky at spilios a taverna on a hill above falassarna
" but we got lucky QuickChange at spilios, a Wang taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but we Red got lucky at spilios, unsheath a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but we got lucky at spilios, a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
" but we got lucky at spilios, a taverna on a hill above falassarna. "
0
Dear Kidsday: I've just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday ive just started going school junior high to
dear kidsday ive just junior going to started high school
dear kidsday just started going to high school
dear kidsday ive started going to junior high school
ANGELO dear somewhat kidsday: i ' ve just started going to junior high school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve just started Safi going to junior WORDS high school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve barely start going to junior high school.
dear kidsday: i ' ve just started going to junior high school.
0
"Donna and I went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60-mile-long Delaware Canal State Park."
donna and towpath went for walk a along an intact section of the i part of 60 mile long delaware canal state park
donna state i went for a walk along an intact section of the canal part of 60 mile long delaware towpath and park
donna went a walk along an intact section of part of 60 mile long delaware canal state park
donna and i went for walk along an intact section of towpath part of 60 mile long canal state park
" donna and i Transmyocardial went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - long Mr delaware canal Yashpal state park. "
" donna and i went pitcher for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - long Kristy delaware canal BUT state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk along an inviolate section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - long delaware canal state park. "
" donna and i went for a walk along an intact section of the towpath, part of 60 - mile - retentive delaware canal state parking lot. "
0
"Earlier we had visited the homes of Haim Nahman Bialik, a Russian-born poet and translator who helped make Hebrew the lingua franca of Israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist Nahum Gutman, who celebrated the young Jewish state in painting, both of which I found interesting."
earlier we had and of homes of haim nahman russian a bialik born poet visited translator who helped make hebrew the lingua nahum the israel and a museum dedicated to the artist franca gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting both of which i found interesting
earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman who a russian born and poet translator bialik helped make hebrew dedicated lingua franca of israel and a museum the to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting both of i which found interesting
earlier we had visited homes of haim nahman bialik a russian born and translator who make hebrew the lingua franca of israel and a museum to the artist nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting both of which i found interesting
earlier we had visited the of haim bialik a russian born poet and translator who helped make hebrew lingua franca of israel and a museum dedicated to the nahum gutman who celebrated the young jewish state in painting of which i found interesting
" earlier we had visited the LEAWOOD homes of haim Julie nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator Sylvia who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the Lorraine artist nahum gutman, who Klavins celebrated the young Isiaka jewish state in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a RFID museum dedicated Paju to spokesman the artist ROGER nahum gutman, who celebrated the DRUMM young SUPPORT jewish state in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
" earlier we have visited the home base of haim nahman bialik, a russian - stand poet and translator who helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the young jewish state in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
" earlier we had visited the homes of haim nahman bialik, a russian - born poet and translator world health organization helped make hebrew the lingua franca of israel, and a museum dedicated to the artist nahum gutman, who celebrated the immature jewish land in painting, both of which i found interesting. "
0
"Earlier, we had visited the Anne of Green Gables Museum at Silver Bush, owned by Montgomery's aunt and uncle and the place where Montgomery was married."
earlier we had montgomerys the anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by visited aunt and uncle and the montgomery where place was married
montgomerys we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by earlier aunt and uncle married the place where montgomery was and
earlier we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by montgomerys aunt uncle and place where montgomery married
earlier had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush owned by montgomerys aunt and uncle and the montgomery was married
" earlier, we had visited the anne of Pulau green gables museum defender at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' Kwabre s aunt and uncle and the place where tattered montgomery was married. "
" earlier, mom we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, Antepartum owned by montgomery ' s aunt professionalization and uncle and the place where CCZ montgomery was married. "
" earlier, we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver george h.w. bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunty and uncle and the berth where montgomery was married. "
" earlier, we had visited the anne of green gables museum at silver bush, owned by montgomery ' s aunt and uncle and the place where bernard law montgomery was married. "
0
"Every day, I'd go to the ball park and say,'Do I want to go or don't I."
every day id go to the ball park say and do i want to go or dont i
every day id go ball the to park and say do i want to go or dont i
every id go to the park and say do i want go or dont i
every day id go to ball and do i want to go or dont i
" every day, i ' d go to the Marcello ball park and say, ' do i want Ladies to PONTIAC go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d Silents go to Myneni the ball park and FC say, ' do i want to go or don ' t i. "
" every day, i ' d go to the ball park and say, ' do i need to go or don ' t i. "
" every day, iodin ' d go to the ball park and say, ' do i desire to go or don ' t i. "
1
"Every time I visited the city, I wandered into Villa Borghese park, on the heights east of the Tiber River."
the time i visited every city i east into villa borghese park on the heights wandered of the tiber river
every on i visited the city i wandered into villa borghese park time the the east of heights tiber river
every time i visited the city i wandered into villa borghese park on the heights east of the tiber
every time i visited the city i wandered into villa borghese park on the heights east of the tiber river
" every Amitabh time i Shehu visited the city, i wandered into villa borghese park, on the heights east of the EU3 tiber river. "
" every UNDER time i visited the city, nail i wandered into villa Timothy borghese park, on the heights east of the tiber river. "
" every time iodin visited the city, i wandered into villa borghese parkland, on the altitude east of the tiber river. "
" every time i visited the city, i wandered into pancho villa borghese park, on the heights due east of the tiber river. "
0
"Game over, 6-5 Padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown San Diego, the lights of the Gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning."
game over 6 spilled padres we all streets out of of park and into the 5 the downtown san diego the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning
game over 6 5 padres we into spilled out already the park and all the streets of downtown san of the lights diego the gaslamp bars and restaurants of beckoning
game over 5 padres we all spilled out of the and into streets of downtown san diego the lights of gaslamp bars and restaurants already
game over 5 padres we spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san the lights the bars and already beckoning
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, Altru we Bloodstain all spilled out of the park and into the glaring streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp BMA bars and restaurants already beckoning. "
" game over, 6 - Sounds 5 padres, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego, l' the Pete lights of SureWest the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning. "
" plot all over, 6 - 5 padre, we all spilled out of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and restaurants already beckoning. "
" game over, 6 - 5 padres, we all spilled tabu of the park and into the streets of downtown san diego, the lights of the gaslamp bars and eating house already beckoning. "
0
"Having visited all the major sights, I couldn't figure out how to spend my last day in San Marino."
having visited all the major day i couldnt figure out how to spend my last sights in san marino
having visited all the major sights i couldnt figure out how my spend to last day in san marino
having visited all the major sights i couldnt figure out how to spend my last in san marino
visited all the sights i couldnt figure out to spend my last day in san marino
" Shiho having visited Lexus all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure out how to spend my last day in Gerald san marino. "
" having visited acupuncture all the major sights, i PhoneEasy couldn ' t figure out how to spend my last day in san Eric marino. "
" have got visited all the major sights, i couldn ' t figure verboten how to spend my last day in san giambattista marini. "
" have visited all the major sights, one couldn ' t figure out how to spend my last day in san giambattista marini. "
0
"He is confident of being fit for the Champions League final and said:""They popped it back in before I got to hospital so I'm pleased with that."""
got is confident of being fit for the champions league final and that they popped it back in before i he to hospital so im pleased with said
he is confident of being fit for the champions league final and said in popped it back they before i got to hospital so with pleased im that
is confident of being the champions league and said they popped it back in before i got to hospital so im with that
he is confident of being fit for the champions final and said they it back in before i got to hospital so im pleased with that
" he is confident of being fit Make for the champions league final and said: " " they popped it back Solihull in before i got to Dimmeys hospital Abe so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he Tawara is confident of being fit for the champions United league final and Waimea said: " " Grand they popped it back in before i got to hospital so i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident of being fit for the champions league final and said: " " they popped it back in before i got to hospital thus i ' m pleased with that. " " "
" he is confident of be fit for the champions league final and said: " " they popped information technology back in before i got to hospital so i ' m please with that. " " "
0
"He thought:""I have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital."""
he thought up have to wake i in two hours and go to the hospital
to thought i have he wake up in two hours and go to the hospital
he thought i have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital
he thought i have to wake up in two hours and go to the hospital
" he thought: " " i have Mindanao to wake up in Zsibrita two subisidies hours and go to the hospital. " " "
" he thought: " " Taranaki i have to wake Randwick up in two hours and go to HeadsUp the hospital. " " "
" helium thought: " " ace have to wake up in two time of day and go to the hospital. " " "
" helium thought: " " i have to wake upwardly in 2 hours and go to the hospital. " " "
2
"I am going straight to hospital to see him, I haven't managed to speak to him on the phone."
i am going speak to hospital to see him i havent managed to straight to him on the phone
i am going straight to hospital him see to i havent managed to speak to him on the phone
i going straight to hospital to see i speak to him on phone
i am going to hospital see him managed to speak to him on the phone
" i am going straight to hospital to see him, i haven ' t managed Angel to speak to F.B.I. him Polyvinyl on the phone. "
" HLF i am going straight to hospital to Breitbart see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on RAK the phone. "
" i am going straight to hospital to see him, i haven ' t managed to speak to him on the phone. "
" i am proceed straight to hospital to project him, i haven ' t get by to speak to him on the phone. "
2
I am going to the hospital now to make all the tests.
i am going to make hospital now to the all the tests
i am going to the hospital all to make now the tests
i am going to the hospital now to make all the
i am going to the hospital now to make the tests
i am Tristanis going to the hospital now to make all photomultiplier the tests.
i am going to the dubbed hospital now to Rudolfo make all the tests.
i am going to the hospital now to make altogether the tests.
i am going to the hospital instantly to make completely the tests.
2
I asked for a recommendation of a good Indian restaurant in my hometown of Washington and two hours later had a suggestion.
suggestion asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two i later had a hours
i asked for a in of a good hours restaurant recommendation my hometown of washington and two indian later had a suggestion
i for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of a good restaurant in my hometown washington and two hours later had a suggestion
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian Gobinda restaurant in my Le hometown of washington and two hours later had § a suggestion.
i WisdomTree asked for a recommendation of Zanzinger a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later had a Bittoo suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian eating house in my hometown of washington and ii hours later had a suggestion.
i asked for a recommendation of a good indian restaurant in my hometown of washington and two hours later induce a suggestion.
1
I began to vomit and I had to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit and to had i go to a hospital
i and to vomit began i had to go to a hospital
i began to vomit and i had to go to a hospital
i began to vomit and i had to go to hospital
i began Vladimir to sour vomit and i had to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit and Islamist i had Slutter to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit and i have to go to a hospital.
i began to vomit and i had to go to a hospital.
2
I brought him back to the government hospital in Khanna.
i him brought back to the government hospital in khanna
government brought him back to the i hospital in khanna
i brought him back to the government hospital in khanna
brought him back to the hospital in khanna
i brought him back to the Desiraye government hospital Embarq in khanna.
Antiretroviral i brought convener him back to the government hospital in khanna.
i brought him backward to the government infirmary in khanna.
i bring him back to the government infirmary in khanna.
0
"I can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed."
i can go into a restaurant sit harassed and have a nice meal without being down
i can go into meal restaurant sit down and have a nice a without being harassed
i can into a sit down and have a nice meal without being harassed
i can go into restaurant sit down and a nice meal without being
" i can go into a restaurant, Ocean sit down and have a nice meal Skater without being harassed. "
" i Ayub can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a Yucel nice meal without being harassed. "
" i can go into a restaurant, sit down and have a nice repast without being harassed. "
" i can sound into a restaurant, sit down and feature a nice meal without being harassed. "
1
I can't go to the restaurant or do anything young people do.
i cant go to the restaurant young do anything or people do
or cant go to the restaurant i do anything young people do
i cant go to the restaurant or do anything young people do
i go to the restaurant or do young people do
i can ' t DICK go Rubinkam to the restaurant or do anything young people do.
Genre i Cullingham can ' t go to the restaurant or do anything young people do.
i can ' t go to the eating place or do anything young people do.
i can ' t go to the restaurant or do anything vernal people practise.
2
I couldn't even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
to couldnt even go out with friends i eat in a restaurant
i couldnt even a out with friends to eat in go restaurant
i couldnt even go out friends to eat in a restaurant
i couldnt even out with friends to eat in a restaurant
i couldn ' Calmette t even go out with friends Johanna to eat in a restaurant.
i couldn ' t Aaron even go out with friends to eat in Zunic a restaurant.
i couldn ' t even proceed out with supporter to eat in a restaurant.
i couldn ' thyroxin even go out with friends to eat in a restaurant.
2
"I couldn't leave Newton without visiting the International Wrestling Institute and Museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5,000 years ago to its showbiz present."
i its present newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum which traces the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to couldnt showbiz leave
i museum leave newton without visiting the international wrestling 5 and couldnt which traces the sport from its origins institute 000 years ago to its showbiz present
i couldnt leave newton without visiting the international institute museum which traces the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to its showbiz present
couldnt leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and which traces the sport from its origins 5 000 years ago to its showbiz present
" i couldn ' Midfielder t Sk1 leave newton without visiting EcoSmart the international wrestling vitamin institute and museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' t forename leave subsections newton without Highly visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, Manned which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' tonne leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, which trace the sport from it origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz present. "
" i couldn ' triiodothyronine leave newton without visiting the international wrestling institute and museum, which traces the sport from its origins 5, 000 years ago to its showbiz nowadays. "
0
I decide to drive my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
i decide to drive my own car and take to wife good a nice lunch at the only my restaurant left
i decide only drive my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch restaurant the to good at left
decide to drive my own car and take my wife a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left
to drive my car and take my wife to a nice lunch at only good restaurant left
i decide to drive my radiographers own Yevgeniy car and take WGL my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant left.
noncitizen i decide to drive my own car and take my wife to a nice lunch at THE the Arveschoug only good restaurant left.
ane decide to drive my own car and consider my wife to a nice lunch at the only good restaurant leave.
ane decide to drive my own car and exact my wife to a nice lunch at the only good eating house left.
1
I did return that night in the marine-themed restaurant.
i did return that night themed the marine in restaurant
i did in that night return the marine themed restaurant
i did return that night in the marine themed restaurant
i did return that night in the marine themed
i did return that night Mortine in the marine - Washington themed restaurant.
i did return that night in Jonny the marine - themed Khosrow restaurant.
i did return that night in the nautical - themed restaurant.
i did render that night in the maritime - themed restaurant.
0
"I dined at Dragonfly Neo-V  247 King St., 614-298-9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where I was fooled by the flavors."
i dined at dragonfly neo v 247 by st 614 fooled 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was 298 king the flavors
i dined at dragonfly neo v flavors king st i 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where 614 was fooled by the 247
i dined at dragonfly neo v 247 king st 614 298 9986 an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors
i dined dragonfly v 247 king st 614 298 9986 an upscale vegan where i was by
" i dined Varsity at dragonfly neo - Koether v 247 king Bolingbrook st. , 614 - 298 - Ansu 9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors. "
" i MD dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan restaurant Chipeur where www.twinriver.com i was fooled by the LaCourt flavors. "
" i dined at dragonfly neo - v 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan eating house where i was arse around by the flavour. "
" i dined at darning needle neo - fin 247 king st. , 614 - 298 - 9986, an upscale vegan restaurant where i was fooled by the flavors. "
0
I don't go for fancy restaurants.
i dont restaurants for fancy go
fancy dont go for i restaurants
i dont go for fancy restaurants
i dont go for fancy restaurants
i don ' t advocate go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' #QCY## t go for fancy restaurants.
one don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
i don ' t go for fancy restaurants.
2
I don't go to restaurants.
i go dont to restaurants
dont i go to restaurants
i dont go restaurants
i dont go
i don ' t Detours go to restaurants.
i don ' t go to Promontory restaurants.
i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate go to restaurants.
i don ' t go to restaurants.
2
"I don't know what 's going on, but I need to go to the hospital right away."
i dont know what going s on but i need to go to the hospital right away
i dont know what s going to but i need to go on the hospital right away
i dont know what s going on i need to go to the hospital right away
i dont know what s going on but i need to go to the hospital right away
" i holding don ' t know what ' s going on, but i need to Carifta go to the hospital right TRICIA away. "
" i don ' t know what ' s Blois going on, but Shuffle i need Turntable to go to the hospital right away. "
" iodin don ' t know what ' south going on, but i need to go to the infirmary right away. "
" i don ' t screw what ' s go on, but i need to go to the hospital right aside. "
2
I don't need to go out to a restaurant.
i dont to need go out to a restaurant
i dont need to go to out a restaurant
i dont need to go out to a restaurant
i dont need to go out to a restaurant
oaks i don ' t need to go out to a Mingfu restaurant.
Shivani i don ' t need to go out to conveyer a restaurant.
i don river ' t need to go out to a restaurant.
i preceptor ' t need to go out to a restaurant.
2
I don't need to go to hospital because I'm not hurt.
i dont need because go to hospital to im not hurt
i hospital need to go to dont because im not hurt
i dont need to go to hospital because im not hurt
i dont need go to because im not hurt
i don ' t need to go Released to hospital IESE because i ' m not hurt.
Wilms i don ' t need to go Illy to hospital because i ' m not hurt.
1 don ' t need to go to hospital because i ' m not hurt.
i don ' t need to go to hospital because i ' m non hurt.
0
I don't usually have to go to the hospital.
i dont usually to have go to the hospital
i dont usually have to go to hospital the
i dont usually have to go to the
i dont usually have to to the hospital
i Anders don ' t MOTIV usually have to go to the hospital.
Nied i don ' Trip t usually have to go to the hospital.
i don ' t usually ingest to go to the infirmary.
i father ' t usually let to go to the hospital.
0
I go into McDonald 's restaurants in Beijing and Rome.
i mcdonald into go s restaurants in beijing and rome
i and into mcdonald s restaurants in beijing go rome
i go into mcdonald s restaurants beijing and rome
i go mcdonald restaurants in beijing and rome
i BANKING go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing and Bhogle rome.
i go into mcdonald ' ZIP s Safety restaurants in beijing and rome.
i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in capital of red china and capital of italy.
i go into mcdonald ' s restaurants in beijing and rome.
0
I go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to a cemetery to visit daughter my
to go i a cemetery to visit my daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter
i go to a cemetery to visit Technicolor my daughter.
i go Emilio to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
i go to a cemetery to visit my daughter.
2
I go to restaurants there and I know everybody in the restaurant.
i restaurants to go there and i know everybody in the restaurant
i go to restaurants there and everybody know i in the restaurant
i go to restaurants there and i know everybody the
go to restaurants there i everybody in restaurant
i go to restaurants there and i know NWWT everybody in daughter the restaurant.
Volz i go to restaurants there and mandolin i know everybody in the restaurant.
i go to eating place there and i know everybody in the restaurant.
i go to eating house at that place and i know everybody in the restaurant.
1
"I go to the doctor or hospital of my choice, and my taxes pay all the bills."
i go to the doctor or hospital choice my of and my taxes pay all the bills
i go to the doctor or bills of my choice and my taxes pay all the hospital
i go to the doctor or hospital of my choice and my pay all the bills
i go to the doctor or hospital of my choice and taxes pay all the bills
" i go to the doctor or hospital Deaconness of my choice, and my taxes pay all Derek the ViaGen bills. "
" i go to Delhi the doctor or hospital of my choice, and dogpiled my taxes Montandon pay all the bills. "
" i go to the doctor or hospital of my choice, and my taxes devote all the bills. "
" i go to the doctor or infirmary of my pick, and my taxes devote all the bills. "
2
I got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
i got picked up hospital a park ranger who took me to a local by
i got picked up hospital a park ranger who took me to a local by
i got picked up by a park ranger who took me to a hospital
i got picked up by park who took a local hospital
i NFLPA got picked up by a Frankton park ranger who took me to a local hospital.
i got picked up by a park ranger who took me to confirmands a TheNest.com local hospital.
i got picked improving by a park ranger who took me to a local infirmary.
i got picked up by a park ranger who take me to a local infirmary.
2
"I got to the restaurant in center-city Philadelphia at 8 p.m., 90 minutes late."
got i to the restaurant in center city philadelphia at 8 p m 90 minutes late
i got to the restaurant in center city at philadelphia 8 p m 90 minutes late
i got to the restaurant center city philadelphia at 8 p m 90 late
got to restaurant in center city philadelphia at 8 m 90 minutes late
" i Night got to the Goran restaurant in center - city 3k philadelphia at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" i got #.###/eur to the restaurant in center - city forwards philadelphia at nasturtium 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" i got to the restaurant in center - city philadelphia at viii p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
" ace got to the restaurant in center - metropolis philadelphia at 8 p. m. , 90 minutes late. "
2
I guess I just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
i doctors i just have to go back and heal and see what the guess say
i guess go just have to i back and heal and see what the doctors say
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors
i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say
Jeanne i guess i just have to go back TSX and heal and see what the doctors say.
Jonah i guess Avecia i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors say.
i guess i just have to go back and heal and see what the doctors allege.
i guess i just take to go back and heal and see what the doctor say.
1
I had gone to a hospital in Fallujah to chronicle the killing of four Iraqis by U.S. Marines.
i had gone fallujah a hospital in to to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to iraqis the killing of four chronicle by u s marines
i had gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u s marines
i gone to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of iraqis by u s marines
i Bobotas had gone to a hospital in fallujah to PROFILE chronicle seventh the killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
i had gone Lietenant to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle Slovak the killing HARVEST of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
i had survive to a hospital in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
i had gone to a infirmary in fallujah to chronicle the killing of four iraqis by u. s. marines.
2
I had to go back in the hospital.
i had go to back in the hospital
go had to i back in the hospital
had to go back in the hospital
i to go back in the hospital
i had deputized to go back in the hospital.
i had www.lohud.com to go back in the hospital.
i had to go backwards in the hospital.
i had to go backward in the hospital.
2
I had to keep my promise to Richard and now I can go to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to cemetery and now i can go to the richard
the had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to i cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the cemetery
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go cemetery
i Veetle had to keep my promise to richard and now Spore i can go to the cemetery.
i had to Kentrail keep my promise Kelly to richard and now i can go to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can run short to the cemetery.
i had to keep my promise to richard and now i can go to the burying ground.
2
I have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
been have i to teeth dentist and have had my my filled and scaling done but the problem still persists
problem have been to have dentist and my had my teeth filled and scaling done but the i still persists
i have been to my dentist and had teeth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists
i have been to my dentist and had my filled and scaling done but the problem still persists
i have Maha been to my dentist and have had my teeth Clickfree filled and scaling done but the problem geotextile still persists.
i have been to Arihant my dentist and Inuk have had my teeth filled and scaling done but the problem Etty still persists.
atomic number 53 have been to my dentist and have had my tooth filled and scaling done but the problem still persists.
i have been to my dentist and have had my teeth filled and descale done but the problem still persists.
2
I have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut on down restaurants and cafes
and have cut down on restaurants i cafes
i have cut down on restaurants and cafes
i have cut down restaurants cafes
i have cut down on restaurants Shahi and cafes.
i have cut down on restaurants and 4per cafes.
i have cut devour on restaurants and cafes.
i have cut down on restaurants and cafes.
2
"I have gone to hospital, it looks very long term."
i have gone to it hospital looks very long term
i have gone to hospital it long very looks term
i have gone to hospital it looks very long term
i have gone to hospital it very long term
" i have gone Marcoline to hospital, it looks very Irving long term. "
" i have Woodruff gone to hospital, it Huli looks very long term. "
" i have gone to infirmary, it looks very long term. "
" i have gone to hospital, information technology looks very retentive term. "
2
I haven't been to a dentist for a year or two.
i a been to havent dentist for a year or two
i havent been to a dentist for year a or two
havent to a dentist for a year or two
i havent been to a dentist for a year or two
i haven ' t been to a dentist for VeriShield a year or Feher two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a year PHILIP or Outage two.
i haven ' t been to a dentist for a yr or two.
i haven ' t be to a dentist for a year or two.
0
I immediately went to the hospital because I thought it was cholera.
i immediately because to the hospital went i thought it was cholera
i immediately went to the hospital because it thought i was cholera
i immediately went to the hospital because thought was cholera
i went the hospital because it was cholera
i immediately went to the Agay hospital because Fudd i thought it was cholera.
i immediately went to the hospital because Minoru i thought NORWALK it was cholera.
i immediately went to the infirmary because i thought information technology was cholera.
i immediately went to the hospital because iodin thought it be cholera.
2
I just went to the dentist and I can't talk much.
cant just went to the dentist and i i talk much
cant just went to the dentist and i i talk much
i just went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just went to the dentist and i cant talk much
i just Bishop went Mary to the dentist and i can ' t talk much.
Nemi i just went Roslan to the dentist and i can ' t talk much.
i just went to the dentist and i can ' t talk much.
ace just went to the dentist and i displace ' t talk much.
2
"I 'm here for you, I 'm not sick, we 'll go to the museum, we 'll go to the park."
i the here for you i m not sick we ll go to m museum to ll go we the park
i m here for not i m you sick we to go ll the museum we ll go to the park
i m here for you m not sick we ll go the museum we ll go to the park
i m here for you i not sick we ll go museum we ll go to the park
" i ' m here for you, Fam i ' m not Hawariyat sick, we ' ll Crime go to the museum, we ' ll go to the Hamsadhwani park. "
" i ' m here for Ken you, i ' Grendel m not sick, we ' ll go Bricklin to the museum, we ' ll go to the Tampered park. "
" i ' mebibyte here for you, i ' m not sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll extend to the park. "
" i ' m hither for you, i ' m not sick, we ' ll go to the museum, we ' ll go to the park. "
1
I need to go back and tour that maritime museum in Havre de Grace.
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in de havre grace
to need i go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre grace
i need to ELCA go back and tour Sanbrano that maritime museum in havre de grace.
i need to go back and tour that maritime museum in MONTARGIS havre skidder de grace.
i take to go back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
i need to sound back and tour that maritime museum in havre de grace.
0
I once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
i once ended up in hospital with stitches got my older sister that so annoyed with me because she attacked me with a spatula
i she ended up in hospital my stitches because with older sister got so annoyed with me that once attacked me with a spatula
i ended up in with stitches my older sister annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because my older sister so annoyed with me she attacked me with a spatula
i once ended up in hospital with stitches because buttons my older sister got so Pulmo annoyed with me that she attacked Sullivan me with a spatula.
i once nationalizing ended up in hospital with stitches because my leucocytes older sister got so annoyed with me that Ben she attacked me with a spatula.
i once ended up in hospital with stitch because my sure enough sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked maine with a spatula.
i once ended up in infirmary with stitches because my elder sister got so annoyed with me that she attacked me with a spatula.
2
"I only went to the dentist, for a two-hour treatment, the day of tests."
i only went to tests dentist for a two hour treatment the day of the
two only went to the dentist for a i hour treatment the day of tests
i only went to the for two hour treatment the day of tests
i only went to the dentist for two hour treatment the day of tests
" Tes i coll only went to the dentist, for a two - TrueDLP hour treatment, the day of tests. "
" i only went lime to the dentist, for a two - hour Team treatment, the HP day of tests. "
" i only go to the dentist, for a two - hour intervention, the day of tests. "
" i only went to the dentist, for a two - hour treatment, the sidereal day of exam. "
2
"I recently revisited Belgium's Royal Museum for Central Africa for the first time since I went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time."
a recently revisited ago royal museum for central africa for here first time since i went there on i class trip more than 25 years belgiums when my family lived the for a time
i recently revisited belgiums royal since for central africa for i first time museum the went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago when my family lived here for a time
i recently revisited belgiums royal museum for central africa for the first time since went there a class trip 25 years ago when my family lived here for a time
recently revisited belgiums royal museum for central africa for the first time since i went there on a class trip more than years ago when my family lived here for a time
" i recently renewably revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the first time since i McCovey went there on a taik class trip more than 25 years ago, when Chechnya my family lived here for a time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the manthony@courant.com first time since i went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, Pays when my lament family lived here for Kizilirmak a time. "
" iodine latterly revisited belgium ' s royal museum for central africa for the first time since i went there on a class trip more than xxv years ago, when my family lived hither for a time. "
" i recently revisited belgium ' s royal stag museum for central africa for the first prison term since i went there on a class trip more than 25 years ago, when my family lived here for a time. "
0
I recently visited the exhibit during a seven-week mission to evaluate a U.S. program assisting local governments in Afghanistan.
i the visited recently exhibit during a seven week mission to evaluate a governments s program assisting local u in afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit program governments seven week mission to evaluate a u s during assisting local a in afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit during a seven week mission to evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently visited the exhibit during seven week mission to evaluate a u s program assisting local governments in afghanistan
i recently visited CROMBIE the exhibit during a seven - week mission to evaluate a u. Ensemble s. Transgene program assisting local governments in afghanistan.
i recently visited the exhibit during a Catherine seven - week mission to evaluate a u. s. program assisting Dongguk local RAW governments in afghanistan.
i recently visited the exhibit during a seven spot - week mission to evaluate a u. sulphur. program assisting local governments in afghanistan.
i of late visited the exhibit during a seven - calendar week mission to evaluate a u. s. program attend local governments in afghanistan.
0
"I recently visited the Guantanamo Bay Detention Center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and Department of Defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care."
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of defense discuss affairs officials to health detainee medical health and mental care
i recently visited the psychiatrists bay officials center of a small group of civilian guantanamo psychologists top military doctors and department with defense health affairs detention to discuss detainee medical and mental health care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care
i recently visited the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists psychologists top military doctors and department of defense health officials to detainee medical and mental health care
" i recently Muricy visited the guantanamo bay PipelineFX detention center Beninese with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health David care. "
" i Signed recently visited the FSRS guantanamo bay detention center Riddim with a Bilquees small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
" i recently inspect the guantanamo bay detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctors and department of defense health affairs officials to discuss detainee aesculapian and mental wellness care. "
" i recently visited the guantanamo bay tree detention center with a small group of civilian psychiatrists, psychologists, top military doctor and department of defense health intimacy officials to discuss detainee medical and mental health care. "
2
"I recently visited the Loyola Village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experiences to a British news crew."
i recently visited the loyola village campus experiences the first time in for to speak about my integration decades to a british news crew
i recently visited the loyola village campus for speak first time decades in to the about my integration experiences to a british news crew
i recently visited the loyola village campus for the time in decades to speak about my integration experiences to a british news crew
i recently visited the loyola campus for the first time decades to speak about my integration experiences to a british news
" i recently visited the headphone loyola village campus for the Nungambakkam first time in decades, to speak about my integration COMPANY experiences to a british news crew. "
" i recently visited the loyola village campus for the first Hamid time in decades, to speak about Ahmed my integration experiences to Hosni a british news crew. "
" i lately visited the loyola village campus for the first time in decade, to speak about my integration experience to a british news crew. "
" 1 recently visited the loyola village campus for the first time in decades, to speak about my integration experience to a british news crew. "
0
I said we better go to the hospital.
i said to better go we the hospital
said i we better go to the hospital
i said we better go to the hospital
i we better go to the hospital
i said we better go to the Sabrina hospital.
i said Corey we better go to the hospital.
i said we better blend to the hospital.
i said we better go to the infirmary.
1
I still go to a dentist in the city and when I visit him I have to notify the police first.
i i go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him still the to notify have police first
i still go first a dentist in to city and when i visit him i have to notify the police the
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i have to notify first
i still go to a dentist in city and i visit him i have to the police first
i still go to a dentist in the National city cortisone and when i visit Steve him i have to notify the police first.
i still go l' to a Owais dentist in the city and when i visit him i have to notify the crowd police first.
i still go to a dentist in the city and when i jaw him i ingest to notify the police first off.
single still go to a dentist in the city and when i visit him i have to give notice the police first.
2
I still haven't visited the Science Museum or Plymouth Rock or the Bedford Whaling Museum.
i still havent visited the plymouth museum or science rock or the bedford whaling museum
i museum havent visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling still
i havent visited science museum plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum
i still havent visited the science museum plymouth rock or the bedford whaling
i still haven ' Michael t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the canadian bedford whaling museum.
i RIDLEY still haven ' t visited the Abundant science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whaling museum.
i still haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whale museum.
i still haven ' t visited the science museum or plymouth rock or the bedford whale museum.
2
"I stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called Vieux Logis, in the town of Tremolat."
the stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in i town of tremolat
i stopped at the tremolat restaurant called vieux logis in the town of sumptuous
i stopped at sumptuous called vieux logis in the town of tremolat
i stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis in the town tremolat
" i ##.###-## stopped at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of floating tremolat. "
" i stopped at the Bantwal sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of Bengaldom tremolat. "
" i cease at the sumptuous restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
" i stopped at the opulent restaurant called vieux logis, in the town of tremolat. "
0
I told them I would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as I do every year.
i told them i year go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as i do every would
i told them i would cemetery out for a walk and visit the go as i do every year
i told them i go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as i every year
i told them i would go out for a and visit the cemetery as i do every year
i told them diagonal i would go out for a walk and visit the cemetery as i do starter every year.
Volunteer i told them i would go out for a walk and visit the Infielder cemetery as i do every year.
i told them i would go prohibited for a walk and visit the cemetery as i do every year.
i told them i would go out for a walk and visit the burying ground as i do every year.
1
I visited his grave at the city cemetery.
i visited his grave at the cemetery city
i visited his cemetery at the city grave
i visited his grave at the city cemetery
i visited his grave at cemetery
i visited his grave vacuum at the city cemetery.
i Garth visited his grave at the city cemetery.
i visited his grave at the metropolis cemetery.
1 visited his grave at the city cemetery.
2
I visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
i visited museums and and fetes with them attended went for holidays with them
i attended museums and visited fetes with them and went for holidays with them
i visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays with them
i visited museums and attended fetes with them went for holidays with them
i visited museums and attended fetes with them and went for holidays Lim with revolutionary them.
i visited museums and attended fetes with MC them and went for nyse holidays with them.
iodine visited museums and wait on fetes with them and went for holidays with them.
ace visited museums and attended fete with them and went for holidays with them.
0
"I visited the newest Dimsum n' Dumplings branch at Robinson's Galleria to meet Prime Pacific Corp. Vice President Sandee Siytangco-Masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant."
i visited is newest dimsum whose dumplings robinsons at branch galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco masigan n husband the the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
sandee visited galleria newest dimsum n dumplings branch at robinsons the to meet prime pacific corp masigan president i siytangco vice whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum n branch at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee masigan whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant
i visited the newest dimsum dumplings branch at robinsons galleria to meet prime pacific corp vice president sandee siytangco masigan whose husband is the pioneering brains behind restaurant
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' E dumplings branch at robinson ' s galleria to Fanpage meet prime retained pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind #-###-JETBLUE the restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at Outfielder robinson ' s galleria to meet prime pacific corp. vice stalker president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is Railway the pioneering brains behind Most the restaurant. "
" i visited the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at robinson ' s genus galleria to meet choice pacific corp. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brain behind the restaurant. "
" i chat the newest dimsum n ' dumplings branch at robinson ' s galleria to encounter prime pacific corporation. vice president sandee siytangco - masigan, whose husband is the pioneering brains behind the restaurant. "
0
"I visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that Thoreau valued so highly."
i visited the park once with a guide and then again on companionship sitting by the hilltop and savoring the myself of solitude that thoreau valued so highly
i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself sitting highly the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that so valued thoreau on
i visited the park once with a guide and then by myself sitting on the hilltop savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so highly
i visited the park once with a guide and then by myself sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that valued so highly
" i visited Ad the park once with Reliever a guide safety and then again by myself, sitting on the hilltop and savoring the companionship muddy of solitude that thoreau valued so highly. "
" i visited the Janice park once Gurnard with a guide and then again by Marty myself, sitting Hillery on the hilltop and savoring the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so highly. "
" i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, ride on the hilltop and taste the companionship of solitude that thoreau valued so extremely. "
" i visited the park once with a guide and then again by myself, sit on the hilltop and savoring the company of solitude that thoreau valued so highly. "
0
"I visited the site of the church massacre at Nyarubuye, in southeast Rwanda."
i visited the site of the church nyarubuye at massacre in southeast rwanda
i in the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye visited southeast rwanda
i visited the site of the church at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye in southeast rwanda
" i visited live the tear site of the church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" i visited the site of Hubert the church massacre djembe at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the church massacre at nyarubuye, in southeasterly rwanda. "
" i visited the site of the church service massacre at nyarubuye, in southeast rwanda. "
2
"I visited the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them."
visited a the site of their deaths on i morning which by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
i visited the site of grieve deaths on morning a which by its melancholy darkness seemed to their for them
i visited the site of deaths on a morning by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
i visited the their deaths on a which by its melancholy darkness seemed to grieve for them
" i visited the site of their deaths alkaline on a DRY morning which, story by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them. "
" i visited the site of their deaths on a morning B#.### which, by its melancholy Frizzi darkness, schoolie seemed to grieve for them. "
" iodine visited the site of their dying on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them. "
" unity visit the site of their deaths on a morning which, by its melancholy darkness, seemed to grieve for them. "
2
I wanted to go to school and I wanted to go to Italy.
i wanted to go to go and i wanted to school to italy
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to go to italy
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to go to italy
i wanted to to school i wanted to go to italy
i wanted to go HE to William school and i wanted to go to italy.
i wanted to go website to school and i CAD wanted to go to italy.
i wanted to lead to school and i wanted to go to italy.
i wanted to go to school and i wanted to go to italy.
1
I wanted to go to the market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to go to the market to but we have today play so many matches
i wanted to go to the market today but we many to play so have matches
i wanted to go to market today but we have to play so many matches
i wanted to go to the today but we have to play so matches
i wanted to go HeNan to the market today Soncini but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to go Nothingness to Pwll the market today but we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to go to the market today simply we have to play so many matches.
i wanted to last to the market today merely we have to play so many matches.
2
I was taken to the doctor in the middle of July.
the was taken to the doctor in i middle of july
i was taken middle the doctor in the to of july
i was taken to the in the middle of
taken to doctor in middle of july
TicketCentral.com i basketweave was taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
i Refueling was taken to the JAMES doctor in the middle of july.
i live taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
atomic number 53 was taken to the doctor in the middle of july.
2
I went back to the doctor I hadn't seen for a year David Stevens at the Valley Medical Center  and he put me back on medication.
i david back to the a i hadnt seen for doctor year went stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back on medication
i went hadnt to doctor the i back seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back on medication
i went back to the i hadnt for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and put me back on medication
i went back to the doctor i hadnt seen for david stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back on
i went back to the doctor William i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens Martian at the valley medical center and he put me back on lega medication.
i went back Sunil to Hynetic the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back Susanne on medication.
i went back to the doctor i hadn ' t fancy for a year david stevens at the valley medical center and he put me back on medication.
i went back to the doctor i hadn ' t seen for a year david stevens at the valley aesculapian center and he redact me back on medication.
2
I went back to the doctor.
i the back to went doctor
i went back the to doctor
i back to doctor
i went back to the
i Zune went back to the doctor.
Randell i went back to the doctor.
single went back to the doctor.
ace went back to the doctor.
2
I went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor doctor doctor to to
i went from to to doctor doctor doctor
i went from doctor doctor to doctor
went from doctor to to doctor
i went from doctor Bos to doctor to doctor.
i went SAN from doctor to doctor to doctor.
i went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
ane went from doctor to doctor to doctor.
2
I went to a dentist a year ago because I had a toothache.
i went to a dentist a year ago because i had a toothache
i went to a dentist a a ago because i had year toothache
to a dentist a year ago because i had a toothache
i went to a dentist a year ago because i had a toothache
i went LUBA to a dentist antidepressant a year ago because i had a toothache.
Transier i went to a dentist a painless year ago because i had a toothache.
i run to a dentist a year ago because 1 had a toothache.
i went to a dentist a year ago because i had a toothache.
2
I went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist who told me to extract a good pain to relieve the tooth
i went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain
i to dentist who me to extract a good to relieve the pain
went to a dentist told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain
i went to IEEP a dentist GVAX who told me to extract a good tooth to relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist who told me MMboe to extract a good tooth to Marc relieve the pain.
i went to a dentist who told me to draw out a good tooth to assuage the pain.
i went to a dentist who told me to extract a good tooth to let off the pain.
2
I went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
i went to a doctor my the nurse asked and profession
went i to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession
i went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession
i went to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession
i Curiosities went Kai to a doctor and the nurse asked my profession.
i went to Brian a doctor and Nikon the nurse asked my profession.
i went to a doctor and the nurse asked my professing.
i went to a doctor of the church and the nurse asked my profession.
2
"I went to a snack bar, a pub and a club."
i went a a snack bar to pub and a club
i went a a snack bar to pub and a club
i went to a snack bar a pub and a club
i went to a snack bar a and a club
" EAST i went to a Patricia snack bar, a pub and a club. "
" i José went to a snack NFHCA bar, a pub and a club. "
" 1 went to a bite bar, a pub and a club. "
" i went to a collation stripe, a pub and a club. "
0
"I went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to Rite Aid for some extra-strength decongestants."
i went to an urgent care clinic where as doctor dismissed the malady the a for cold and discharged me to rite aid common some extra strength decongestants
i went to an urgent care clinic where the the dismissed doctor malady as aid common cold and discharged me to rite a for some extra strength decongestants
i to an urgent care where the doctor dismissed the malady a common and discharged me to rite aid for strength decongestants
went to an urgent care clinic the doctor dismissed malady as a common cold and discharged me rite for extra strength decongestants
" i went Cascadia to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor markedly dismissed the malady as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for Gene some Screen extra - strength decongestants. "
" i went to ILIGAN an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a me.â common cold and discharged me Aegon to rite aid for SHAREHOLDERS some extra - strength decongestants. "
" i went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the malady as a vulgar cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra - strength decongestant. "
" unity went to an urgent care clinic, where the doctor dismissed the unwellness as a common cold and discharged me to rite aid for some extra - strength decongestants. "
2
"I went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist."
i went to several dentists my an doctor family ear nose and throat specialist
i went to dentists several my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family doctor an ear nose and throat specialist
i went to several dentists my family doctor an ear nose throat specialist
" i CompactFlash went to several dentists, my family doctor, Wayward an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
" i went to luxurious several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, Philippines nose and throat specialist. "
" iodine went to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
" i go to several dentists, my family doctor, an ear, nose and throat specialist. "
2
I went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but I did not ask him what products were in it.
were went to the dentist that day he and gave me an injection but i did not ask him what products i in it
i went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection but i did ask in him what products were not it
i to the dentist that day and me an injection but i what products in it
i went to the dentist that day and he me an injection but i did not ask him what products were in it
Christopher i went Wessman to the dentist that day and Builders he gave me an injection but i did not ask him what products were in it.
i went to the dentist that day and he gave Meiszer me an injection but Boschker i did not ask him what products statistical were in it.
one went to the dentist that day and he gave me an injection merely i did not ask him what product were in it.
i went to the tooth doctor that day and he gave me an injection but 1 did not ask him what products were in information technology.
2
I went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and more work on a crown after a root canal.
on went to the dentist the other day after a routine cleaning and more work i a crown for a root canal
i went to the dentist and other day the a routine cleaning for more work on a crown after a root canal
i went to the dentist the other day for routine cleaning more a crown after a root canal
i went the dentist the day for a routine cleaning more work on a crown after a root canal
i went to Metiria the dentist the other day for Arcelor a routine cleaning and more work gourmet on a crown after a root canal.
Ypres i went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleaning and Pierre more work on a ASOCIO crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the other day for a routine cleanup and more than work on a crown after a root canal.
i went to the dentist the other day for a unremarkable cleaning and more than work on a crown after a root canal.
2
I went to the doctor and he gave me medicine.
i went the to doctor and he gave me medicine
i gave to the doctor and he went me medicine
i went to the doctor and he gave
i went to the doctor and he gave me medicine
i went to the doctor and he gave Ah me Women medicine.
i went WNIT to the doctor and Budow he gave me medicine.
i went to the doctor and helium gave me medicine.
i went to the doctor and he gave me medicine.
2
"I went to the doctor twice, it was a viral infection."
i to went the doctor twice it was a viral infection
it went to the doctor twice i was a viral infection
i went to the doctor twice it a viral infection
i went to the doctor twice it a viral infection
" i went to the Lufkin doctor twice, it was symbol a viral infection. "
" carbide i went Funeral to the doctor twice, it was a viral infection. "
" i work to the doctor double, it was a viral infection. "
" i went to the doctor twice, it was a viral transmission. "
2
I went to the doctor twice.
i went to twice doctor the
i went to doctor the twice
i went to the doctor twice
i went to the twice
i went Mahfudz to the doctor twice.
Ramp i went to the doctor twice.
i went to the md twice.
i went to the doctor twice.
2
I went to the doctor when it hit 103.
doctor went to the i when it hit 103
103 went to the doctor when it hit i
i went to the doctor it hit
i went to the doctor when hit 103
i went to the doctor when it Related hit 103.
i went Retail to the doctor when it hit 103.
i went to the doctor when information technology hit 103.
1 went to the doctor when it hit 103.
2
I went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but I still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor glasses he gave me some and but i still get the headaches
i went to still eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but i the get the headaches
i went to the eye doctor and gave me some glasses but i still get the
i to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses i still get the headaches
Mandy i went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but i still Claus get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor Clothes and he gave Chabad me some glasses but i still get the headaches.
i went to the eye doctor and he gave me some glasses but one still get the concern.
i went to the eye md and atomic number 2 gave me some glasses but i still get the headaches.
2
"I went to the hospital emergency department, where I was put on infusions."
i went to the hospital department emergency where i was put on infusions
i went to the hospital emergency put where i was department on infusions
i went to the hospital emergency department where i was infusions
i went to the hospital department where i on infusions
" i went WARRANT to the hospital emergency department, where USEG i was put on infusions. "
" i went Polarion to the hospital emergency department, where i heavyweight was put on infusions. "
" i depart to the infirmary emergency department, where i was put on infusions. "
" atomic number 53 went to the hospital parking brake department, where i was put on infusions. "
2
I went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports books.
i went other the public library the to day and borrowed a stack of sports books
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed sports stack of a books
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports books
i went to the public other day and borrowed stack of sports books
i went to the Pavlodar public library the other day Heracles and borrowed a stack of sports books.
i went EMERGES to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of Meris sports books.
i went to the public library the other day and borrowed a stack of sports book.
i went to the public library the early day and borrowed a stack of sports books.
0
I went with him to the hospital morgue.
i went with him hospital the to morgue
with went i him to the hospital morgue
i went with him to the hospital morgue
i went him to the hospital morgue
i went with Triclosan him to the hospital morgue.
i went with him to the Rajat hospital morgue.
i went with him to the hospital mortuary.
i went with him to the hospital morgue.
2
I will go to Melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
i will go to melbourne evening this and see what the doctor says
i the go to melbourne this evening and see what will doctor says
i will go to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says
i will go to melbourne evening and see what the doctor says
i will spokeswoman go to melbourne this evening and Wojtyla see what the doctor says.
i will BY go to melbourne this Strosser evening and see what the doctor says.
unity will go to melbourne this even and see what the doctor says.
i volition live to melbourne this evening and see what the doctor says.
1
I will go to Munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i will go to tomorrow munich and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems
i will go and munich tomorrow to see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems
will go to munich tomorrow and see doctor for my hamstring and stomach
i will go to munich tomorrow Maseth and Remain see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
i Ruptured will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my Mbt hamstring and stomach problems.
iodin will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring tendon and stomach problems.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor for my hamstring and stomach problems.
1
I will go to Munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see doctor the
i will go tomorrow munich to and see the doctor
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor
i will go munich tomorrow and see the doctor
i will go to munich Groven tomorrow and Landesbank see the doctor.
i Logitech will go to munich Crazytown tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
i will go to munich tomorrow and see the doctor.
1
"I will have to see a doctor,'Morceli said after his first race of the season."
i will have to see a after morceli said doctor his first race of the season
i will have to a see doctor morceli said after his first race of the season
i will have to see a doctor said after his first race of the
i will have to see doctor morceli said after his first of the season
" i will have AV to see a Big doctor, ' morceli said after his first race Fay of the season. "
" i will have beachfront to tart see a doctor, ' morceli said after his first harshly race of the season. "
" i will take in to look a doctor of the church, ' morceli said after his first race of the season. "
" i will have to see a doctor, ' morceli said after his first subspecies of the time of year. "
1
"I will probably have to see a dentist now I am back,'De Williams said."
i will probably have to back a dentist now i am see de williams said
i will probably have to see dentist a now i am back de williams said
i will probably have to see a dentist now i back de williams said
i will probably have to see a dentist now i am back de williams said
" i will probably have to see a LANCE dentist sintered now i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i Perfumed will probably have to Brittney see a dentist now i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i will probably have to see a dentist immediately i am back, ' de williams said. "
" i will probably have to see a tooth doctor now i am back, ' de williams say. "
1
I will see the doctors but I don't think it will be much better in 2-3 days.
be will see the doctors but i dont think it will i much better in 2 3 days
i will days the doctors but i dont think it will be much better in 2 3 see
i will see the but i dont think it will much better in 2 3 days
i will see the doctors i think it will be much better in 2 3 days
i will see the doctors but i don ' B t think it will be much better OptiX in 2 - AGP 3 days.
i will sat see the doctors but i don ' t Venkatachaliah think it will be much better S. in 2 - 3 days.
i will see the medico but i don ' t think it testament be much better in 2 - iii days.
i will see the doctors only i don river ' t think information technology will be much better in 2 - 3 days.
1
"I will see the doctors, take some blood tests and take some more medicine."
i will the see doctors take some blood tests and take some more medicine
i will see the doctors take blood some tests and take some more medicine
i will see the take some blood tests and take some medicine
i will see the doctors take some blood and take some more medicine
" i Navy will see the doctors, take some blood tests and take some more frozen medicine. "
" i will see the doctors, take some blood Yafai tests and take meteorological some more medicine. "
" i will see the doctor, take some blood tests and take some more medicine. "
" i volition see the md, take some blood tests and take some more medicine. "
1
I won't ever say that I look forward to going to the dentist.
i wont ever say that i going forward to look to the dentist
i wont ever say that forward look i to going to the dentist
i wont ever say that i look forward to to the dentist
i wont ever say that i look forward to going to the dentist
i won ' t ever say that FromSoftware i look forward Dragados to going to the dentist.
Homestake i won ' t ever TTI say that i look forward to going to the dentist.
i gain ' t ever say that i look forwards to going to the dentist.
i won ' t ever say that ane look forward to going to the tooth doctor.
2
I'll be going to the hospital for check-ups but it doesn't look good as it seems to be getting worse.
ill be going to to it for check ups but it doesnt look good as hospital seems the be getting worse
ill getting be to the hospital for check ups but it doesnt look good as it seems to going be worse
ill be going to the hospital check ups but it look good as it seems to be getting worse
ill be going to the hospital for check ups but it doesnt look good it seems to be getting worse
i ' ll be going to the hospital for check - ups but it doesn ' t look Rosalio good Austins as it seems to be Ramveer getting worse.
i ' ll be going to Ledez the hospital for check - ups but GeoLeaders it doesn ' t look good as it Group seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll be run to the hospital for arrest - ups but it doesn ' t look good as it seems to be getting worse.
i ' ll be break down to the infirmary for check - ups just it doesn ' t look good as it seems to be getting worse.
2
I'll go and see the doctor first thing in the morning.
go ill and see the doctor first thing in the morning
and go ill see the doctor first thing in the morning
ill go and see the doctor thing in morning
ill go and see the doctor first thing in morning
strenuously i ' ll go and see the doctor first wrongfully thing in the morning.
i ' ll go and see the doctor first REPEL thing in Magruder the morning.
i ' ll rifle and see the doctor first thing in the morning.
i ' ll operate and run into the doctor first thing in the morning.
1
I'll go up to the cemetery if the weather's good and give the old-timers their due.
ill go up to the cemetery timers the weathers good and give the old if their due
ill go up to the cemetery if the weathers good and give due old timers their the
ill go up to the cemetery if the weathers and give the old their due
ill go the cemetery if the weathers good and give the old timers their due
i ' ll go up Storming to the cemetery if the pole weather ' s S. good and give the old - timers their due.
i ' ll PATV go up to the cemetery if the weather ' s good and give the old - MICHAEL timers their Quantix due.
i ' ll go upward to the graveyard if the weather ' s good and give the previous - timers their due.
i ' ll live up to the cemetery if the conditions ' s good and give the old - timer their due.
1
I'll have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
ill have to talk to the doctors to the what they can do and then talk to see captain to see our what options are
ill have to do to the doctors to see what they can our and then talk to the captain to see what talk options are
ill have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the see what our options are
ill have to talk to the doctors to see what they can do and talk to the captain to see our options are
i ' ll have to Wellcome talk to the doctors to see what they can Renaissance do and then talk to the captain to see what 1ST our options are.
i ' ll Couey have to talk to the doctors to golden see what they can do and then talk Vaci to the captain to see what our options are.
i ' ll have to speak to the doctors to see what they can do and then talk to the master to run across what our options are.
i ' ll have to babble out to the doctors to see what they can perform and then talk to the captain to see what our options are.
1
"I'm getting a lot of headaches and I have difficulty sleeping, so I just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if I can get things better."
im getting i lot of headaches and a have difficulty i so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if sleeping can get things better
and getting a lot seeing headaches and i have difficulty sleeping so i just keep going to the doctor im keep of if i can get things better
im getting a lot of headaches i have sleeping so just going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can things better
im getting a lot headaches and i have difficulty sleeping so just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get better
" i ' m getting a lot of Tuckswood headaches and i have difficulty sleeping, so i sherries just keep going Reply to the doctor and keep WIN seeing if i can get things better. "
" i ' m getting a lot Consuelo of headaches and Eugene i have difficulty sleeping, so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if nodded i can browny get things better. "
" i ' m getting a band of concern and single have difficultness sleeping, so i just keep going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can get things better. "
" i ' m getting a lot of headaches and i have difficulty quiescence, so i just proceed going to the doctor and keep seeing if i can scram things better. "
2
I'm going to go back to the doctors.
back going to go im to the doctors
to going to go back im the doctors
im back to the doctors
im going to go back to doctors
i ' m curso going to go back to the Canta doctors.
i ' m going Chavers to go FormCap back to the doctors.
i ' m go to go back to the doctors.
i ' m going to run backwards to the doctors.
1
I'm going to see doctors today and see if rest will be good enough.
im going to see doctors rest and see if today will be good enough
good going to see doctors today and see if rest will be im enough
im to see today and see if rest will be good enough
im going see doctors today see if rest will be good enough
i ' m going to see doctors today and see if rest Arnaud will be good prescription enough.
i ' m going to see doctors today Grasberg and rainbow see if rest will be good enough.
i ' m going to see doctors today and see if rest will live good enough.
i ' m go to see doctors today and see if rest will be upright enough.
1
"That's why it's important not to go to McDonald's in Paris, why I had sauteed morning glories in Thailand in March instead of Italian food in a big new hotel restaurant."
thats why its important not to go to mcdonalds in paris why of had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead i in food italian a big hotel new restaurant
thats italian its important not to go to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning glories in a in march instead of why restaurant in thailand big new hotel food
thats why its important not to go to in paris why sauteed glories in thailand in march instead of italian in a big new hotel restaurant
thats why its important not go to mcdonalds in paris why i had sauteed morning glories in in march of italian food in a big hotel restaurant
" that ' s why it ' Toned s important not to go to mcdonald ' s N in Pamphile paris, why i had sauteed morning glories in thailand in Melissa march instead of italian food in Cemento a big new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s socialists why it ' Prem s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why Althea i had sauteed Interim morning glories in thailand in march instead of italian food reception in a big new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s important non to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why unity had sauteed morning glories in thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
" that ' s why it ' s important not to go to mcdonald ' s in paris, why i had saute morning glories in kingdom of thailand in march instead of italian food in a big new hotel restaurant. "
0
We have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast.
we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast
we have visited site site and we have not removed anything from the the of the blast
have visited the site we not removed anything from the site of blast
we have visited site and we have not removed anything from the site the blast
Pariaman we have visited the site and we have not removed anything from Movia the site of the blast.
we iliac have visited the site and we have not removed anything from the site of judd the blast.
we have visited the web site and we have not removed anything from the site of the blast.
we have inspect the site and we have not transfer anything from the site of the blast.
2
"A retrial was tentatively scheduled for Oct. 8. It looks like we're going to trial although a final decision hasn't been made yet said Jan Nolan, an assistant Orange County district attorney."
an retrial nolan tentatively scheduled for oct 8 it looks like yet going to trial although a final decision hasnt been made were said jan was a assistant orange county district attorney
a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct 8 it decision an were going to trial although a final district hasnt been made yet said jan nolan like assistant orange county looks attorney
a retrial was tentatively scheduled for 8 it looks like were going to a final decision hasnt been made yet said jan nolan an assistant orange county district attorney
a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct 8 it looks were going to trial although a final decision been made yet said jan nolan an assistant orange county district attorney
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled satay for oct. 8. it champion looks like we ' NYLAG re going to trial although a final decision hasn ' t been made Application yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county district Daniel attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks Upper like we ' re going to trial McNichols although a final decision hasn ' t salt been made yet said jan nolan, an Steve assistant BioDevice orange county district attorney. "
" a retrial was tentatively scheduled for oct. viii. information technology looks like we ' re going to trial although a final decision hasn ' t been made yet said jan nolan, an assistant orange county district attorney. "
" a retrial personify tentatively scheduled for oct. 8. it looks like we ' re going to trial although a net decision hasn ' t been made yet aver jan nolan, an adjunct orange county district attorney. "
2
"A Somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on Monday, amid the deadliest violence Mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told AFP'I got my freedom back Abdi Mohamed Ismail, Shabelle Radio news editor, told AFP after his release."
a somali afpi journalist was detained for eight hours got in on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced police months the reporter told radio by my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle told news editor radio afp after his release
a somali radio journalist was release for eight ismail by police on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months the reporter told back got my freedom afpi abdi mohamed hours shabelle radio editor news told afp after his detained
a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by police on monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in months the reporter told afpi got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail shabelle radio editor told afp after his release
a somali radio journalist was detained for hours by police monday amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced months the reporter told afpi got my back mohamed ismail shabelle radio news editor told afp release
" a somali radio journalist was detained for eight hours by Railpower police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu Binding has experienced in months, the reporter told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, named shabelle Mark radio Idenix news editor, told DILG afp after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist LoKast was detained for eight hours by police on monday, amid the deadliest violence mogadishu has experienced in hawthorn months, the reporter told afp ' i Prowers got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio ExtraMile news Whitetop editor, B.Prakash told afp after his release. "
" a somali radio journalist follow detained for eight 60 minutes by police on monday, amid the deadliest fierceness mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told afp ' i let my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle wireless news editor, told afp after his release. "
" a somalian radio journalist was detained for 8 hours by police on mon, amid the deadly violence mogadishu has experienced in months, the reporter told afp ' i got my freedom back abdi mohamed ismail, shabelle radio news editor, told afp after his release. "
0
"Before I released my stories, the police  arrested me as I walked inside the town he said"
before i released my stories the police arrested inside as i walked me the town he said
before he released my stories the police arrested me as i walked inside the town i said
before i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked the town said
before i released my stories the police arrested me as i walked inside the town he said
" before i released my stories, the police arrested me detenu as i walked inside the town he JKA said "
" PriSim before i released my stories, the police arrested me as i walked inside AultCare the town he said "
" before iodine released my story, the police arrested me as i walked inside the town he said "
" before ace released my stories, the police arrested maine as i walked inside the town he said "
2
"Do I need a lawyer for this? McNall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to Pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with Spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case."
mcnall i need a lawyer for lead do joked this way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack the by prosecutor in the case
do i need a lawyer for this walked joked by up of a greeting as he mcnall shook to pollack in the courtroom and way hands with spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
do i need a lawyer for this mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom shook hands spivack the prosecutor in the
do i need a lawyer for mcnall joked way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands spivack the lead prosecutor in the case
" do SOUTH i FINANCING need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked WFLS by way of a greeting Military as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
" do i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of easygoing a greeting #.#in as he walked up Angry to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead Income prosecutor in the case. "
" do i need a attorney for this? mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecuting attorney in the display case. "
" do i need a lawyer for this? mcnall joked by way of a greeting as he walked up to pollack in the courtroom and shook hands with spivack, the lead prosecutor in the case. "
1
"Eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, and I understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest Adhikari said"
eleven are police armed stationed in my residence and i understand that other leaders have also been placed adhikari house arrest under said
eleven residence armed are stationed in my police and i understand that other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
armed police are stationed in my residence and i understand that leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
eleven armed police are stationed in my residence and i understand other leaders have also been placed under house arrest adhikari said
" eleven lettuce armed police are stationed in my residence, and i understand that Discuss other leaders have also Carnivore been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, Kewal and i understand that other woolly leaders have also been fluorophores placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police are stationed in my residence, and i understand that other leaders birth also been placed under house arrest adhikari said "
" eleven armed police be stationed in my residence, and i understand that former leaders have also been direct under house arrest adhikari said "
2
Even thieves are granted one to two years' leave but I was given only 65-days leave during five years and two months I was in jail he said.
even leave are granted only to two years thieves but i was given one 65 days leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said
even granted are thieves one to two years leave but i jail given only 65 days leave during five years and two months i was in was he said
even thieves are granted one years but i was given only 65 leave during five years and two i was in jail he said
even thieves are granted one to two years leave but i was given only 65 days leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said
even thieves are granted one to two years ' Academy leave but i RACES was given only 65 - days leave during five years and dying two http://www.edmunds.com months i was in jail he said.
even thieves ofpatients are granted Sifakis one to two years ' leave but i was given only 65 - days leave Operating during five Stonhard years and two months i was in jail he said.
even thieves are granted one to ii years ' leave but i was give only 65 - days leave during five years and two month i was in jail helium said.
still thieves are allow one to ii years ' leave but i be given only 65 - days leave during five years and two months i was in jail he said.
2
Every time I got a court order I would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead I'd be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got said court order i would be my to a police station to finish the paperwork for taken release and instead id he rearrested and sent back to jail be a by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be and to a police taken to finish the paperwork for my release station instead id be rearrested and sent back to by he said jail telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my and instead id be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i a court order i would be taken to a police to finish the paperwork for release and instead id be rearrested sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i +## got a Boardwalk court order i Moldflow would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' d be SUPERVALU rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a court order Gulfish i would be taken to a police abu station to finish the paperwork call for my release and instead i ' d be rearrested Dobzinski and sent back to jail he said by telephone
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and instead i ' vitamin d be rearrested and sent back to jail he said by telephony
every time i got a court order i would be taken to a police station to finish the paperwork for my release and alternatively i ' viosterol be rearrested and sent rearward to jail he said by telephone
2
For 18 months I was in jail he said.
for he months i was in jail 18 said
was 18 months i for in jail he said
for 18 i in jail he said
for 18 months i was in jail said
for Scopes 18 months i was in jail he said.
for 18 months i was in jail Yuri he said.
for 18 month i was in jail he said.
for 18 months i was in jail he say.
2
"I am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law Junaid Dockrat, a Johannesburg dentist, told the SAPA news agency."
agency johannesburg a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat a am dentist told the sapa news i
i am a law abiding citizen and am told law contest these allegations in a court of to junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist prepared the sapa news agency
i am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat a johannesburg dentist told news agency
i am law abiding citizen and am prepared contest these allegations in a court law dockrat a johannesburg dentist told the sapa news agency
" i am a law Jake abiding Valley citizen and NOVAK am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told Lord the sapa news agency. "
" i am a Fatehjang law effective abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of embezzlements law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg dentist, told the sapa 9am news agency. "
" i am a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg tooth doctor, told the sapa news representation. "
" i constitute a law abiding citizen and am prepared to contest these allegations in a court of law junaid dockrat, a johannesburg tooth doctor, told the sapa news agency. "
2
"I am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and I did not kill anybody he said."
i am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense and i kill not did anybody he said
i am being using of murder for accused legitimate defense and i did not kill anybody he said
i am accused of murder for using legitimate defense and i did not anybody said
i am accused of for using legitimate defense and i did kill anybody he said
" i Kleen am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, Great and i did not MOVEit kill anybody he said. "
" i am being accused of murder for Eglington using Kolquist legitimate Morteza defense, and i did not kill anybody he said. "
" i am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and i did not kill anybody he said. "
" i am being accused of murder for using legitimate defense, and i did not kill anybody atomic number 2 said. "
2
"I am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by Mr. Hun Sen's regime and thus I am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by Ambassador Thomas Hammerberg, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for human rights in Cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said."
i rights not guilty of the crimes orchestrated cambodia mr hun sens regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to independent judgment of a judicial system which has been he by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of the n u secretary general for human am in by as not being neutral or the described said
i am not guilty of the judicial the by not hun sens regime and thus i am mr prepared to submit myself to orchestrated judgment of a crimes for which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of the u n not general system human rights in cambodia as secretary being neutral or independent he said
i am of the crimes orchestrated by mr hun sens regime and thus i am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of the n secretary general for human rights in cambodia not being neutral independent said
i am not guilty the crimes orchestrated by mr hun sens regime and thus i not prepared to submit to the judgment of a judicial which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg special representative of the u n general for human in cambodia as being neutral or independent he said
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. congressman hun sen ' s regime and thus i am not prepared to submit Meteorology myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been scotch described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general for human rights in linear cambodia, as not www.nybg.org being lawyer neutral or Commissioner independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the Deemed crimes ANDA orchestrated by Netarts mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i cerebral am not prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which has been described by Kristine ambassador thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general NBA for human rights in cambodia, as not being neutral insulting or independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the crime organize by mr. hun sen ' sulfur regime and thus i am non prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a judicial system which consume been described by ambassador dylan marlais thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general for human rights in cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
" i am not guilty of the crimes orchestrated by mr. hun sen ' s regime and thus i live non prepared to submit myself to the judgment of a juridic system which has been described by ambassador thomas hammerberg, special representative of the u. n. secretary - general for human rights in cambodia, as not being neutral or independent he said. "
0
I arrested them and I left them with the local police because I didn't have transportation to take them back to Sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying.
i arrested them and back left them take the local police because i didnt have transportation to with them i to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying
i arrested them and i left police with the local them because i didnt have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the paper official the quoted as saying
i them and i left them with the local police because i didnt have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville paper quoted the official as saying
i arrested them and i left them with the local because i didnt have transportation take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying
i arrested them Inc.Media and i left them Jimmy with SatelliteToday.com the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to take them Alabama back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the official as saying.
AP i arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to take them back Andreson to sihanoukville the paper Chidozie quoted BY the official as saying.
iodine arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the functionary as saying.
i arrested them and i left them with the local police because i didn ' t have transportation to take them back to sihanoukville the paper quoted the functionary as saying.
0
I believe I am the only member of Congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation Rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of of to have ever been victimized boasts illegal search and seizure by a of congress the police force member this nation rush by today
i believe i seizure the only member search congress to have ever been victimized by illegal of and am by a member of the police force of nation this rush boasts today
i believe i am the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by search and by a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today
i believe i am the only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search and seizure by member of the police force of this rush boasts today
i believe i am the INBOUND only member of congress to have ever been victimized by illegal search LoneStars and seizure by a member of the police force Marcel of this nation rush Al boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress Coulee to have ever been victimized by illegal search Flavio and seizure by a member Kenya of the police force Tyson of this nation rush boasts today.
i believe i am the lonesome member of congress to have ever been swindle by illegal hunt and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation rush boasts today.
i believe i am the only member of congress to have e'er personify victimized by illegal search and seizure by a member of the police force of this nation kick boasts today.
2
"I called my$ sister to tell her I was in Israel, but I could n't tell her I was in jail the St. Petersburg woman said."
i called my$ sister to tell i petersburg was in israel but i could nt tell her i was in jail the st her woman said
was called my$ sister to tell her i i in israel i but could nt tell her i was in jail the st petersburg woman said
i called my$ sister to tell her i was in israel but i could nt tell her i was jail the st petersburg woman said
i called my$ tell her i was in israel but i could nt tell her i was in jail the st petersburg woman said
" i Daniel called my $ sister to tell her i was in israel, but i could n ' Portisch t tell her Denis i was in jail the st. petersburg woman Luerich said. "
" i called Sliding my $ Secretary sister to tell her i was in israel, but i could n ' celebrities t tell her i was in jail the st. OCZ petersburg woman said. "
" i called my $ sister to tell her ace was in israel, but i could n ' t tell her i be in jail the st. petersburg charwoman said. "
" i call in my $ sister to tell her i was in israel, merely 1 could n ' t tell her i was in jail the st. petersburg woman say. "
2
"I got so mad because when I went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever I was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said."
i got so mad because when suspects went to court to give evidence the me laughed at i heartily as though whatever i was saying and nothing was would not be of any use for the case she said
i got so mad because use i went any court to give evidence the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing be would not and of to when for the case she said
i got so mad because when i went court to give the suspects laughed at me heartily as whatever i was saying was nothing and would not be of any use she said
i got so mad because when i went to court to give evidence suspects at me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she
" i got so mad because when i went to court Congressman to Wireline give evidence, the suspects laughed Ultramix at me heartily as golden though whatever i was 5billion saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the case she said. "
" i got so mad BD because when Cometz i Samborn went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at velvet me heartily as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would dot not be of any use for the case she said. "
" i got then mad because when i went to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at pine tree state cordially as though whatever i was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the causa she said. "
" iodin got so mad because when i become to court to give evidence, the suspects laughed at me heartily as though whatever iodine was saying was nothing and would not be of any use for the grammatical case she said. "
2
"I have been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home said Liaqat Baluch, a senior leader of Pakistan's main alliance of Islamic parties, the Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal MMA or United Action Front."
i have been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home united pakistans baluch a of leader senior liaqat main alliance of islamic parties the muttahida majlis e amal mma or said action front
i have been detained by the police parties they have amal me back brought my home said liaqat baluch a senior leader of pakistans main alliance of islamic and the muttahida majlis e to mma or united action front
have been detained by the police and they have brought back to my home said liaqat a senior leader of pakistans alliance of islamic parties the muttahida majlis e amal mma or united action
i been detained by the police and they have brought me back to my home said liaqat baluch senior leader of pakistans main alliance of parties the muttahida majlis e amal mma or united action front
" i have been detained by Andrew the police and they have brought me back to my home said Bagaipo liaqat baluch, a senior leader Jafco of pakistan ' s Monotheistic main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida bowel majlis - e - amal mma or united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police Fig and they have brought me back to my home said liaqat baluch, a senior Heley leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, W. the TTR muttahida majlis - e - amal OFFICE mma or united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police force and they have brought me back to my home said liaqat baluch, a senior drawing card of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or united action front. "
" i have been detained by the police and they have brought pine tree state back to my dwelling said liaqat baluch, a senior leader of pakistan ' s main alliance of islamic parties, the muttahida majlis - e - amal mma or united natural process front. "
2
I have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally Sani told AFP on the telephone from Kaduna.
we have received the court order which i challenge comply with but which we will will legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna
sani have received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally i told kaduna on the telephone from afp
i have the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna
i have received the court order which will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on telephone from kaduna
i have received the court Memorable order which we will comply enhanced with Datuk but which we will challenge legally sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i have received the court order which Rep. we will comply with but which we will challenge legally Moskowitz sani told afp on the Christopher telephone from kaduna.
i get received the court order which we will comply with but which we will challenge legally sani tell afp on the telephone from kaduna.
i have received the court order which we will comply with only which we will challenge de jure sani told afp on the telephone from kaduna.
2
"I just came here looking for work, and I was arrested he said."
i just he here looking for work and i was arrested came said
said just came here looking for work and i was arrested he i
i just here looking for work and i was arrested he
i just came here looking for work and i was he said
" Tungsten i just came here looking for work, and i was arrested he Brentwood said. "
" i just came here looking for liabilities work, and i longus was arrested he said. "
" i just came here looking for work, and unity was arrested atomic number 2 said. "
" i just came here looking for oeuvre, and i was arrested helium said. "
2
"I killed the teacher as I thought he was not a good man Zillu, 17, told police after he was arrested."
i killed the teacher as i zillu he was not a thought man good 17 told police after he was arrested
i killed he teacher as i thought the arrested not a good man zillu 17 told police after he was was
i killed the teacher as i thought he was not a good man zillu 17 told police after he was arrested
i killed the teacher as i he was not a man zillu 17 told police after he was arrested
" i Thuerbach killed the teacher as i thought he was not a good man zillu, 17, battled told police after he was Mr arrested. "
" i killed the teacher Robert as i thought Rabiah he tiotropium was not a good man zillu, 17, told police after he was arrested. "
" i killed the teacher as i thought he was not a good human race zillu, xvii, told police after he be arrested. "
" unity killed the teacher as i thought he was not a good man zillu, 17, state police after he be arrested. "
2
"I need a lawyer and a proper translator then I can go ahead with my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened last November: a woman from the Ethiopian airlines."
since need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking through the the he has had i airlines trial opened last november a woman from the ethiopian interpreter
i need a lawyer he a proper translator then i can go ahead with my application interpreter since speaking through the he and has had said the trial opened last november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
i lawyer and a proper translator then can go with my application he said speaking through the he has had since the trial opened last november a woman from the ethiopian airlines
i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with my application he said speaking through the interpreter he has since the trial opened last a woman from the ethiopian airlines
" i squawk need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go ahead with my Chilin application he said, 5.x speaking through the interpreter he university has had since JRL### the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i need a HEALTH lawyer ODowd and a proper debased translator then i can OVATIO go ahead with my application he said, speaking through the Bay interpreter he has had since the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i need a lawyer and a proper translator then i can travel ahead with my application he said, speaking through the interpreter he has had since the trial opened utmost nov: a fair sex from the ethiopian airlines. "
" i demand a lawyer and a proper translator then i can go in front with my application he said, speaking through the representative he has have since the trial opened last november: a woman from the ethiopian airline business. "
2
I need your help to prove my innocence to the court to release me from this nightmare Corby said in the letter.
the need your in to prove my innocence to i court to release me from this nightmare corby said help the letter
i need your help to prove my in to the court this release me from to nightmare corby said innocence the letter
need your help to prove my innocence to court to release me from this nightmare corby said in the letter
i need your help prove my innocence to the to release me from nightmare corby said in the letter
i need Russian your help to prove my innocence to DARK the court to release me Yoni from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
i need your help to prove my innocence to the By court to release Jagdish me from this nightmare corby said in RADVISION the letter.
i need your help to turn up my innocence to the lawcourt to secrete me from this nightmare corby said in the letter.
i need your help to prove my ingenuousness to the court to release me from this nightmare corby enounce in the letter.
2
"I no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, referring to anti-referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained."
i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept especially and state security agents month around my street referring asking questions about me since that said he day and to anti referendum protests last lurking in which he participated with several demonstrators were detained
and no longer believe day my anonymity is kept he with state security anti lurking around my street and asking questions about me since that that he said referring to agents referendum protests last month in which especially participated i several demonstrators were detained
i longer believe that my anonymity kept especially with security agents lurking around my street asking questions about me since that day he said referring to protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained
no believe my anonymity is with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions me since that day he said referring to anti referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained
" i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, YORKTON especially with state TSX security agents lurking around my street and asking questions stone about me, NABH since that day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests Koivisto last month in which he Olga participated and several demonstrators were detained. "
" i no longer communitarian believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with Ayako state pucca security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about Velimirovic me, indict since that Danni day he said, referring to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were detained. "
" i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions astir me, since that day he said, referring to anti - referendum dissent last month in which he take part and several demonstrators were confine. "
" i no longer believe that my anonymity is kept, especially with state security agents lurking around my street and asking questions about me, since that day he said, denote to anti - referendum protests last month in which he participated and several demonstrators were hold up. "
2
"I showed them the court order, but they said I could not play the cricketer said."
i showed them said court order but they said i could not play the cricketer the
i showed them the court the but they said i could not play order cricketer said
i showed them the court order but they i could not play the cricketer said
i them the court order but they said i not play the said
" i showed them the court order, but they said i could not byline play the mydlink cricketer said. "
" i toppling showed them cabdrivers the court order, but they said i could not play the cricketer said. "
" i showed them the court order, but they said i could not play the cricketer say. "
" i showed them the courtroom order, but they said i could not play the cricketer said. "
2
I stand here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court Toussaint said outside the jail.
i outside here today because a me has found judge guilty of contempt of court toussaint said stand the jail
i stand here today me a judge has said because guilty of contempt of court toussaint found outside the jail
i stand here today because a judge found me guilty of contempt of court outside the jail
i stand here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail
i stand here today Nymphing because a judge Wageningen has found me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside de the jail.
i stand here today Balash because a judge has found WBFL me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside Fujian the jail.
unity stand here today because a judge has recover me guilty of contempt of court toussaint said outside the jail.
i tolerate here today because a judge has found me guilty of contempt of motor hotel toussaint said outside the jail.
2
I suspect we'll end up going to trial Beal said.
i suspect trial end up going to well beal said
i suspect well end up to going trial beal said
i suspect well end up going to trial beal said
suspect well up going to trial beal said
i suspect Barbara we ' ll end Effenberg up going to trial beal said.
i suspect we ' ll end up Petrologistics going to deer trial beal said.
i distrust we ' ll end upward going to trial beal said.
i suspect we ' ll end up go to trial beal said.
1
I was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that I did not commit he told The Associated Press on Friday.
i a accused and tried for for years 11 was crime that i did not commit he told the associated press on friday
i was accused and tried for 11 years for commit crime that i did not a the told he associated press on friday
i was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that did not commit told the associated press on friday
i was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that i not commit he told the associated press on
i was accused and tried for 11 years Dr for normally a crime that i did not commit he told Soja the associated press on friday.
i was accused and tried for 11 fieldstone years for a crime fuer that i did Chief not commit he told the associated press on friday.
i was accused and tried for 11 years for a crime that i did not commit he told the associated press on friday.
i was accused and assay for 11 years for a crime that i did not commit he told the associated press on friday.
2
I was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said.
i was holding for arrested up the police in arresting the driver he said
i was arrested for he up the police in arresting the driver holding said
i was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said
i was arrested for holding the police in arresting the driver said
i was arrested for holding up the Kasonso police in arresting FMQB the driver he said.
i was arrested for holding up the police braille in arresting the driver he Travelin said.
i be arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he said.
iodine was arrested for holding up the police in arresting the driver he pronounce.
2
I was arrested in Beijing because I wasn't allowed to leave Guangzhou he added.
i was beijing in arrested because i wasnt allowed to leave guangzhou he added
i was arrested in beijing because leave wasnt allowed to i guangzhou he added
i was arrested in beijing because i allowed to leave guangzhou he added
i was arrested in beijing i wasnt allowed to leave guangzhou he
i was arrested in beijing because i wasn ' t allowed quila to leave Selectman guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because i batas wasn ' t allowed to Cement leave guangzhou he added.
i was arrested in beijing because 1 wasn ' t allowed to leave guangzhou he added.
i was pick up in beijing because i wasn ' thyroxine allowed to leave guangzhou he added.
2
I was arrested irregularly he told judge Alphons Orie during his first appearance before the UN's Yugoslav war crimes tribunal in The Hague.
i was arrested irregularly he appearance judge alphons orie during his first told before the the yugoslav war crimes tribunal in uns hague
i arrested was irregularly he told crimes alphons orie during his first appearance before the uns yugoslav war judge tribunal in the hague
i irregularly he told orie during first appearance the uns yugoslav war crimes the
i was irregularly he told judge alphons orie his first before the uns yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the
En i was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons orie during his first appearance before Regal the un ' s yugoslav war crimes Google tribunal in the hague.
i Hindu was arrested irregularly he told judge alphons ANYARA orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes Cedar tribunal in the hague.
ace was arrested on an irregular basis he told judge alphons orie during his world class appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
i was arrested irregularly he told justice alphons orie during his first appearance before the un ' s yugoslav war crimes tribunal in the hague.
2
I was charged with attempted murder for that Healy said.
healy was charged with attempted murder for that i said
attempted was charged with i murder for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy said
i was charged with attempted murder tortoise for that Humboldt healy said.
i was regular charged with attempted murder for Security that healy said.
i was charged with attempted murder for that healy enounce.
one was charged with attempted murder for that healy said.
2
I was charged with some crimes which I believe I hadn't committed Denning told TASR agency.
i was charged hadnt some crimes which i believe i with committed denning told tasr agency
some was charged with i crimes which i believe i hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
i was with some crimes which i believe i hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
i was charged with some crimes which i believe hadnt committed denning told tasr agency
i was charged with some crimes which i mmol believe i hadn ' IBF t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some crimes REPEAL which i believe i hadn ' MARDAN t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some crimes which i believe i hadn ' t committed denning told tasr agency.
i was charged with some crimes which i believe i hadn ' t institutionalize denning told tasr office.
2
I was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33-year-old Manhattan resident said of a search by U.S. Customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was year as if it had no a the 33 treated old manhattan resident said of value search by u s customs agents
i was degraded and my body was resident as if it year no value the 33 had old manhattan treated said of a search by u s customs agents
i was degraded and body treated as if it had no value the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a search by u customs agents
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no the 33 year old manhattan resident said of a search by u s customs agents
i was degraded and JACKSON my body was treated as if Estella it had no value the 33 - year - old Leon manhattan resident said of a search by Gerens u. s. customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated as if merchanting it Bo had no value President the 33 - year - old manhattan resident Zeiss said of a search by u. s. customs agents.
i was degraded and my body was treated as if it had no value the 33 - year - sometime manhattan resident said of a search by u. s. customs agent.
i was put down and my torso was treated as if it had no value the 33 - class - old manhattan resident said of a search by u. s. customs duty agents.
2
"I was detained in June by the  Hamas-run  police during an arrest campaign against Fatah members said Tariq Muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas."
i was during in june by the hamas run police detained an arrest said against fatah members campaign secular muhaisan one of the detainees referring to the tariq party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
i during of in june by the hamas run police party an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan one detained the detainees referring to the secular was of palestinian president mahmud abbas
i was detained in june by the hamas run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees to the party of palestinian president mahmud abbas
i was detained in june by the hamas run police during an arrest campaign against members said tariq muhaisan one of the detainees referring to the secular party palestinian president mahmud abbas
" i was detained in june by the hamas - BIMST run skin police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring Sylvie to the secular party of palestinian Wii president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - Nosed run police during an Neneng arrest campaign against HODGES fatah members said tariq NASDAQ muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the secular party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" single was detained in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, referring to the temporal party of palestinian president mahmud abbas. "
" i was detained in june by the hamas - run police during an arrest campaign against fatah members said tariq muhaisan, one of the detainees, look up to the secular party of palestinian chairman mahmud abbas. "
2
I was in jail for 11 years Devi said.
i was in jail for 11 devi years said
i said in jail for 11 years devi was
i was in jail for 11 years devi said
i was in jail for 11 years devi said
i was ETX in jail for 11 years devi said.
i was Defense in jail for 11 years devi said.
i was in jail for 11 years devi said.
i was in jail for 11 geezerhood devi said.
2
"I was in jail for six years, I don't have money anymore the former movie action star president and self-confessed womaniser said."
i was in jail for six years i dont have former anymore the money movie and star president action self confessed womaniser said
i i in jail for six years was dont former money anymore the have movie action star president and self confessed womaniser said
i was in for six years i dont have anymore movie action star and self confessed womaniser said
i was in jail for six i dont have money anymore the former movie star president and self confessed womaniser said
" i was love in jail for six years, i don ' t have Signed money anymore the #-#/#-yr former movie action star president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
" i Lipinski was in jail for six years, Avivah i don ' Chartered t have money anymore the former movie action star president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
" i was in jail for six years, ane don ' t have money anymore the former movie action star president and self - confessed womaniser enunciate. "
" i was in jail for vi years, 1 don ' t have money anymore the former movie action whiz president and self - confessed womaniser said. "
2
"I was in jail for two years said Abhiman, a former Buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in August 2005."
i was former jail for two years said abhiman a in buddhist monk who was imprisoned august in here 2005
i was in jail for monk years here abhiman a former buddhist two who was imprisoned said in august 2005
i was in jail for two years said abhiman a former buddhist monk who here in august 2005
i was in jail for two years said abhiman a former buddhist who was imprisoned here in august 2005
" i was in jail Centerra for two years said abhiman, a former buddhist monk who was Maglasang imprisoned here in Chang august 2005. "
" i was in jail for two years said abhiman, a former Harshit buddhist monk who was Clah imprisoned Authority here in august 2005. "
" i be in gaol for two years said abhiman, a former buddhist monk who was imprisoned here in venerable 2005. "
" i was in jail for two years say abhiman, a former buddhist monk world health organization was imprisoned here in revered 2005. "
2
I was in jail in Russia for nine years because I wanted to reach Israel he reminded them.
i was reach jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to in israel he reminded them
i was in jail in russia to nine years because i wanted for reach israel he reminded them
i was in jail in russia nine years because i wanted to reach he reminded them
was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach he reminded
i Actress was in jail in russia for nine years because i KINSMAN wanted to reach israel he reminded them.
i was in jail Elwood in russia for nine years Nitin because i wanted to reach israel he reminded them.
i was in jail in union of soviet socialist republics for nine years because i wanted to reach israel he remind them.
i was in jail in russia for nine years because i wanted to reach yisrael he reminded them.
2
I was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said Trang.
trang police later detained for nine days as the was wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said i
i was nine detained for later days as trang police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said the
i was later detained for nine days as the wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said trang
i was later detained for nine as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said trang
i was later detained for nine days as Medipacs the police wanted Patriettes to know more about my work and Air my relationships as a reporter said trang.
poet i was later detained for nine days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my AMY relationships as a reporter said Agriculture trang.
i was later detained for nina from carolina days as the police wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter said trang.
i was later detained for nine days as the police force wanted to know more about my work and my relationships as a reporter enunciate trang.
2
I was surprised Monday when Libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation Islam Abdel Samie told reporters after he arrived in Cairo.
i was surprised my when libyan police arrived at in workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived monday cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested after arrived any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters me he without in cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he in cairo
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived cairo
Minister i was surprised monday when libyan HB police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel Hunting samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan Ntini police arrived at my controlled workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam iceberg abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
i was surprised monday when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie tell reporters after atomic number 2 arrived in cairo.
i was surprised mon when libyan police arrived at my workplace and arrested me without any explanation islam abdel samie told reporters after he arrived in cairo.
2
I went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the Gimbels Goodman said last week.
i went to court with to order to gimbels cause to get the animals returned an the show goodman said last week
i week to court order an with to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last went
went to court with an to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week
i went to court ext2 with an order to show cause G.Sanchez to get sa the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said last week.
i went to court with en an order to show cause to get the animals returned James to the gimbels goodman al said last week.
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman aver last week.
i went to court with an order to show cause to get the animals returned to the gimbels goodman said net week.
2
"I will defend myself in court against this false claim said Fabrice Tourre, a French-born 31-year-old Goldman trader who, along with the firm, was charged with civil fraud by the SEC."
goldman will defend myself in court against this false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old the trader the along with who firm was charged with civil fraud by i sec
i will defend myself fabrice court 31 this false claim tourre in said a french born against year old goldman trader who along with the firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
will defend myself in court against this false claim said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old goldman trader who with the firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
i defend myself in against false said fabrice tourre a french born 31 year old goldman trader who along with the firm was charged with civil fraud by the sec
" i will defend Jowzjan myself in court against this hypnobirthing false claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born Kahuku 31 - year - old goldman trader who, along with Doug the firm, Deerfield was charged with civil fraud by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in court against this false claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - old undercooked goldman Al trader who, along Aguer with the firm, was renin charged with civil fraud Kramarenko by the sec. "
" i will defend myself in courtyard against this false claim said fabrice tourre, a gallic - born 31 - year - old goldman trader world health organization, along with the business firm, was charged with civil fraud by the second. "
" i will defend myself in court against this fake claim said fabrice tourre, a french - born 31 - year - sure enough goldman trader who, along with the house, was charged with civil fraud by the secant. "
2
I will not resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
i will not resist arrest if the with come to my house police a legal warrant he said
he will not resist arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant i said
i will not arrest if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said
i will not arrest if the come to my house a legal warrant he said
i will not resist arrest Class if the police come to my house with a legal warrant melodic he said.
i will not resist arrest if the police AjaxWorld come to my house David with a legal warrant he said.
i will not refuse apprehension if the police come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
atomic number 53 will not resist arrest if the constabulary come to my house with a legal warrant he said.
1
I'd been practicing up after I heard a rumor that if arrested in Japan you'd be made to sing the Mexican anthem an embarrassed Gonzales was quoted as telling police.
anthem been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in made youd be japan to sing gonzales mexican id an embarrassed the was quoted as telling police
id embarrassed practicing up after quoted heard a rumor that if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an been was gonzales i as telling police
id been practicing i heard a rumor if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as police
id been up after i heard a rumor if arrested in japan youd be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police
i ' d been practicing up after i heard a outlying rumor that Src if Subtitle arrested in japan you ' d be made to sing coronaries the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
i ' d been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d be made to sing the mexican anthem Rebecca an embarrassed GLOBE gonzales BCDMOS was quoted as Gamal telling police.
i ' d been practicing upwards after i hear a rumour that if arrested in japan you ' d be made to sing the mexican anthem an embarrassed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
i ' d been practicing up after i heard a rumor that if arrested in japan you ' d be made to sing the mexican hymn an abashed gonzales was quoted as telling police.
1
"If the instances of my country accuse me of a crime, I am ready to stand before a court Karadzic was quoted as saying."
if the instances of my accuse country me of a crime i am was to stand before a court karadzic ready quoted as saying
if the me of my country accuse instances of a crime i am ready karadzic stand before a court to was quoted as saying
if instances of my country accuse me of a crime ready to stand before a court was quoted as saying
if the instances of my country accuse me of a i am ready to stand before a karadzic was quoted as saying
" if the instances of my country accuse laden me of a crime, i GibbsCAM am ready to stand before a court karadzic was quoted FS3 as saying. "
" teak if the instances of my country accuse me of a crime, i am ready to stand Vonette before a court karadzic was quoted as Russ saying. "
" if the instance of my country accuse me of a crime, i am quick to stand before a royal court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
" if the representative of my country accuse me of a crime, i am quick to remain firm before a court karadzic was quoted as saying. "
1
"If they think that I 'm guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken Slaney told The Register-Guard in her hometown of Eugene, Oregon."
if they think that i m guilty of a doping violation and through banning me are in 1998 is going to end it they just sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard that her hometown of eugene oregon
if they think that i m guilty of a 1998 violation and that banning me just is doping through going to end it oregon are sadly mistaken slaney told the register guard in her hometown of eugene they
if think that i m of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it they are mistaken slaney told the register guard in hometown eugene oregon
if they think that i guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it they are sadly mistaken told the register guard in her hometown of eugene oregon
" Lorie if they think that i ' m guilty of a doping violation and that Terri banning me just through 1998 Opin is going to end it, they are youthfulness sadly Terlato mistaken slaney told the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty VD#### of a doping violation Methi and that banning me just damping through 1998 is going to end it, they are sadly mistaken slaney told the register - guard in Mel her hometown ECB of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a doping violation and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end it, they be lamentably false slaney told the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
" if they think that i ' m guilty of a doping rape and that banning me just through 1998 is going to end information technology, they exist sadly mistaken slaney narrate the register - guard in her hometown of eugene, oregon. "
1
"I'm not a criminal but I need a lawyer, please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car."
placed not a criminal but i as a lawyer please please help me he shouted to reporters need he was being im in a patrol car
im not a criminal but i need patrol lawyer please please help me he shouted to being as he was reporters placed in a a car
im not a criminal i need lawyer please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car
im not a criminal but i need a please please help me he shouted to reporters as he was placed in a patrol car
" i ' m not a criminal but i Andy need a lawyer, please HARTFORD please help me he shouted to reporters Jnrs as he was being placed in ruthless a patrol car. "
" i ' m not a criminal but WDTN i need a lawyer, please Circulation please help me he shouted to AdvancedTCA reporters as he was CRASH being placed in a patrol car. "
" i ' m not a reprehensible but i need a lawyer, please delight help me he shouted to reporters as atomic number 2 was being placed in a patrol car. "
" i ' m non a criminal but i need a lawyer, please delight assist me he shouted to reporters as he was being placed in a patrol car. "
2
I'm not going before a jury on a murder charge like Jack the Ripper he said.
im not going before a like on a murder charge jury jack the ripper he said
im not going before a jury murder a on charge like jack the ripper he said
im going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said
im not going before a jury on a murder charge jack the ripper he said
i ' m not going before apples a jury on a murder charge like jack the Rehbar ripper he said.
i ' m not going before Anthony a jury Scale on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
i ' m not go before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he said.
i ' m non going before a jury on a murder charge like jack the ripper he enounce.
0
I'm not going to deliver him to  the UN war crimes tribunal in the Hague he said.
im him going to deliver not to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
im not going to deliver him to in un war crimes tribunal the the hague he said
im not to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
im not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said
i ' m not going to deliver him to Ubuntu the un ###,##.## war crimes tribunal in the hague he said.
i ' m Hours not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal ETV1 in the hague he said.
i ' m not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said.
i ' m not going to deliver him to the un war crimes tribunal in the hague he said.
0
"Not only are we ready to go to trial on Oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it is important to go to trial then Porter said."
not then are we ready to go to trial on oct 1 only these charges we believe it is important to go to trial on porter said
not only are we ready to trial to to on oct 1 on these charges we believe it is important go go to trial then porter said
not are we ready to go to trial on oct on these we believe it is important to go to trial porter said
not only are we ready to go to trial on oct 1 on these charges we believe it is important to go to trial then porter said
" not only are we ready to go to Espino trial on oct. Grilly 1 on these charges, we believe it is CONANT important to go Yukihiko to trial then porter said. "
" not only are we ready to Poultry go to trial on oct. 1 on these News.com.au charges, we Ronningen believe it is important to go to trial www.thetech.org then porter said. "
" not only are we ready to go to trial on oct. 1 on these charges, we believe it is important to run low to trial then porter said. "
" not only be we quick to go to trial on oct. one on these charges, we believe it is important to go to trial then porter said. "
2
Now the situation has changed and we will go through the trial he said.
now the situation has changed and we trial go through the will he said
now the situation has we and changed will go through the trial he said
now changed and we will go through the trial he said
now the situation has changed and we will go through the he said
now the situation has changed and we will go Alicia through brother the trial he said.
now the Clarks situation has changed and Warner we will go through the trial he said.
now the position has changed and we will move through the trial he said.
now the spot has changed and we will go through the trial he said.
2
"Obviously, I didn't want to be charged with a murder I didn't commit he told the court."
obviously i didnt want to be charged with a murder i commit didnt he told the court
obviously i didnt want to be murder with a charged i didnt commit he told the court
i didnt want to be charged with murder i didnt commit he the court
obviously i want to be charged with a murder i didnt commit he told the court
" obviously, i didn ' t Hajime want to be charged with a Kokopelli murder i didn ' t commit he biochips told the court. "
" obviously, i didn ' t want to be charged Foris with a murder i didn ' TokBox t commit he Suncor told the court. "
" obviously, i didn ' tetraiodothyronine want to be charged with a slaying i didn ' t commit he told the court. "
" obviously, one didn ' t require to cost charged with a murder i didn ' t commit he told the court. "
2
"Of course I have no problem with being stopped by the police if I've done something wrong said the teenager, identified as 'W' because he is underage."
of course i have is problem with being stopped by the the if ive done something wrong said police teenager identified as w because he no underage
of course i have no problem with being is by the police if ive done teenager wrong said the something identified as w because he stopped underage
of course i have no with stopped by the police if ive something wrong said the teenager identified w because he is underage
course i have no problem with being the police if ive done something wrong said the teenager identified as w because he is underage
" of course medicina i swishing have no problem with Coindre being stopped by the police if i ' ve done something wrong said merchant the teenager, identified as ' w ' because he is underage. "
" of Aydýn course i have no problem with Fermilab being stopped by the police if i ' ve done something wrong said the teenager, identified as ' w ' because MySuper he is Bob underage. "
" of course iodin have no problem with being stopped by the police if i ' ve done something wrong said the teenager, identified as ' w ' because he is underage. "
" of course i have no trouble with being stopped by the police if iodine ' ve done something wrong said the adolescent, identified as ' w ' because he is underage. "
1
"One guy saw me running from the police and thought I was running from these animals she said of a scene when Carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van."
one guy saw for factory from the police and thought i was running the these animals running said of a scene when carmen arrested me stabbing another girl at from cigarette she they both work at escapes from a van
van guy a me running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she when of saw scene said carmen arrested for stabbing another factory at the cigarette girl they both work at escapes from a one
one guy saw running from police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a scene when carmen arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at escapes from a
one guy saw me running from the police and thought i was running from these animals she said of a carmen arrested stabbing another girl the cigarette factory they both work at escapes from a van
" one guy saw me running from the Differs police and thought i Lock was running from these Opryland animals she said of a Menninger scene when carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the Nissen cigarette factory they both work at, escapes from a van. "
" IFEX one guy saw me running from the police and thought i was running from chairman these animals she said of Larry a scene when Quent carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, Las escapes from a van. "
" one guy saw me running from the police and call back i was running from these beast she said of a view when carmen, arrested for stabbing another girl at the cigarette factory they both work at, relief valve from a van. "
" one guy saw me running from the police and recall i was run from these animals she said of a scene when carmen, arrested for jab another girl at the cigarette factory they both piece of work at, escapes from a van. "
2
One hour before I came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before i came to court a military judge renewed for arrest my 15 days on charges of said a policeman he assaulting
one hour before i came to days a military judge renewed my arrest said 15 court on charges of assaulting a policeman he for
one hour before i came to court a military judge my arrest for 15 days on charges a policeman he said
one hour before i came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said
Jacey one hour before i Mount came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he MEIC said.
one ANNOUNCER hour before i Bignot came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 Drug days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before i hail to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 day on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
one hour before i came to court a military judge renewed my arrest for 15 days on charges of assaulting a policeman he said.
2
Police said I did not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation he said.
police said i we not need a lawyer because did were just having a conversation he said
police said need did not i a lawyer because we were just having a conversation he said
police said i did not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation he said
police said i did not need a lawyer because we were just having conversation he said
police Branch said i did not need a lawyer because we were just having a conversation synthetic he said.
police said i did Advocacy not need a lawyer because we were just having Ho'opili a conversation he said.
law said i did not need a lawyer because we were just have a conversation he said.
law said i did not need a lawyer because we were just hold a conversation he said.
0
"Since I was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, adding that he feared for his health if the situation continued."
since i was arrested yesterday no food has water and no bed health mattress no been provided for me he said adding that he situation for his or if the feared continued
since i was no yesterday no food feared water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said adding that health arrested for his he if the situation continued
since i was arrested yesterday no food no water and no bed mattress has for me he said adding that he feared for his if situation continued
since i was arrested yesterday no food no water and no or mattress has been provided for me he said adding that he feared for his health if the situation continued
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has Svetlana been provided for me he Catherine said, adding that he Laurel feared for his Deadly health if the situation continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no Nuveen bed or mattress has been provided for iPartner me By he said, adding that he feared for Assistant his health if the situation continued. "
" since i was hold yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has be provided for me he said, adding that helium feared for his health if the situation continued. "
" since i was arrested yesterday, no food, no water and no bed or mattress has been provided for me he said, contribute that he feared for his wellness if the situation continued. "
2
"So I am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: I abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said."
so i of guilty of a broad conspiracy to use who am are destruction to hit but let me be clear i abhor all weapon kidnap and murder civilians and both captors mass clearly guilty of my crimes she said
so i am guilty of a said conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit but let me be abhor i clear all who kidnap and murder are and my captors civilians clearly guilty of both crimes she broad
so i am of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass to hit but let be clear i abhor who kidnap and murder civilians and captors guilty of both crimes she said
so i am of broad conspiracy to weapon mass destruction hit but let me be clear i abhor all who kidnap and murder civilians and captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said
" Gejon so i am guilty of literacies a EXECUTIVE broad conspiracy to use weapon of Pat mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: i abhor all who kidnap and murder deadmandavid### civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of ARUBA a broad Nikeya conspiracy to Stok use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: Alejandro i abhor all who kidnap bivouac and murder civilians, and my captors are clearly guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad conspiracy to use weapon of mass destruction to hit, but let me be clear: single loathe all who kidnap and murder civilian, and my capturer are intelligibly guilty of both crimes she said. "
" so i am guilty of a broad confederacy to use weapon of stack destruction to hit, but let me be clear: iodine abhor all who kidnap and execution civilians, and my captors are understandably guilty of both crimes she said. "
2
"The army warned me to leave quickly if I did not want to be arrested said Faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in Qoshtapa, 18 kilometers  11 miles  from Arbil, which is under the control of the Kurdistan Democratic Party KDP."
ago army warned me to leave quickly i if did not want to took arrested said faqi the be refuge some 10 days the in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is under who control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp
the army warned refuge i leave quickly if to kdp of want to be arrested said faqi who took me some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is under the control not the kurdistan democratic party did
army warned me leave quickly if i did not want be arrested said faqi who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic kdp
the army warned me to leave if did not want be arrested said faqi who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil which is under control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp
" the army Safeway warned me to ADDISON leave quickly if i did not want to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in Chemical qoshtapa, 18 tutional kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is DSLAM under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the Epinay army warned me to leave quickly if i did not want to be arrested said faqi, Christine who took midlevel refuge some 10 days ago in UMKC qoshtapa, 18 kilometers ========================================================== 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the army warned me to go away quickly if i make not want to be arrested said faqi, who took refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is under the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
" the u. s. army warned me to leave quickly if i did non want to be arrested said faqi, who take refuge some 10 days ago in qoshtapa, 18 kilometers 11 miles from arbil, which is nether the control of the kurdistan democratic party kdp. "
1
The first time I heard the recording was in court VanderMeer said in Friday's editions of The Grand Rapids Press.
the first recording i in the time was heard court vandermeer said in fridays editions of the grand rapids press
the first time i heard press fridays was in court vandermeer said in recording editions of the grand rapids the
the first time i heard the court in fridays editions the grand rapids
the i heard the recording was in court vandermeer said in fridays editions of the grand rapids press
the first time i heard the recording was in court vandermeer said in friday ' s http://www.ferro.com editions eCTD of the grand Abel rapids press.
the first time i heard the recording was in coney court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of HTC the grand rapids SHORT press.
the first time i hear the recording was in court vandermeer said in fri ' s editions of the grand rapid press.
the first time i pick up the recording be in court vandermeer said in friday ' s editions of the grand rapids press.
2
"The last time I was in court President Nelson Mandela said Tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting ""was to hear whether or not I was going to be sentenced to death."""
the last time i mandela in court president nelson that said tuesday flourish a historical with was seemed fitting was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death
the last time i tuesday in court president nelson mandela said to with flourish historical a that seemed fitting was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced was death
last time i was in court nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to whether or not i was to sentenced death
the last time i was court president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting was to whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death
" the last time i was in court president nelson mandela Luong said tuesday YourFINDit with a historical flourish gracious that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or not i StarInvest was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the last time i was in court Angela president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that unexpected seemed fitting " " was to hear whether gooders or not i gives was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the final time i was in court president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed fitting " " was to hear whether or non i was start to be sentenced to death. " " "
" the terminal time one was in court president nelson mandela said tuesday with a historical flourish that seemed meet " " was to hear whether or not i was going to be sentenced to death. " " "
2
"The prison authority informed us of a request for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he also said."
the prison also informed us of a request for a visit authority we decided not to oppose he which said
the prison authority informed us also a request oppose a visit which we decided not to for he of said
the prison authority informed us of a request for a visit which we decided not to oppose he also said
the prison authority informed us of a request for a visit which we decided not to he said
" the prison authority informed us of a request Oireachtas for a visit, which we decided not to oppose Hilary he laned also said. "
" the prison Lorenza authority informed us of a request for a visit, Mirano which we decided not to oppose he Arial also said. "
" the prison authority informed us of a request for a visit, which we decided non to defend he besides said. "
" the prison authority inform us of a request for a visit, which we decided not to oppose he also articulate. "
0
"They arrested me just because I looked out of my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24-hour curfew imposed by the Israeli army during the intifada, or uprising."
they arrested me he because i looked out of my home just said explaining the he had defied a 24 hour israeli imposed by the curfew army during that intifada or uprising
they arrested me just because i looked of out my home he said explaining during he had defied a 24 hour curfew imposed that the israeli army by the intifada or uprising
they arrested me because i looked out of my he explaining that he had defied a 24 hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada or uprising
they arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said explaining that he had defied a 24 hour imposed by the army during the intifada or uprising
" they arrested me just because i looked out of my home he said, DiVX explaining that he had defied a 24 - hour novelist curfew imposed by fishtail the israeli army during the intifada, ar or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because i epithermal looked out of Carlos my home he said, explaining that he had defied a 24 - hour curfew imposed by the israeli dubplates army during the intifada, or director uprising. "
" they arrested me just because atomic number 53 looked out of my home he enunciate, explaining that he had defied a 24 - minute curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
" they arrested me just because 1 looked out of my home he said, explaining that atomic number 2 had dare a 24 - hour curfew imposed by the israeli army during the intifada, or uprising. "
2
"This evening, I was driving in an over-exuberant manner and, as a result, was stopped by the police Hamilton said in a statement."
this evening i was driving was an over exuberant manner and hamilton a result in stopped by the police as said in a statement
this evening i was driving in an over exuberant manner and as a result police stopped by the was hamilton said statement a in
this evening i was driving in an over exuberant manner and as a result was stopped by the police hamilton said a statement
this evening i was in over exuberant manner and as a result was stopped by the police hamilton said statement
" this evening, i was driving in an over - exuberant manner and, as a Our result, was stopped Spande by the police hamilton Wilkinson said Flease in a statement. "
" Los this evening, i was driving in an over - J. exuberant manner and, as Sarabjit a result, was stopped by the knives police hamilton said in a statement. "
" this evening, i was driving in an over - exuberant manner and, as a upshot, was stopped by the police alexander hamilton said in a statement. "
" this evening, i was driving in an over - exuberant way and, as a result, was finish by the law hamilton said in a statement. "
2
"We are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students."
we are going to to them said court after who carry out forensics to determine who raped we he take adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students
we are going to out them determine court after we carry take forensics to to who raped who he said adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students
we are to to court after we carry out forensics to determine who who he said adding that the detainees were teenaged high school students
are take them to court after we carry out forensics determine who raped who he said adding that the detainees were all teenaged school
" shallot we are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the Tom detainees FairWest were all PARMA teenaged high school students. "
" we are going to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding Pothan that Medicals the detainees Relapse were all KOVACEVIC teenaged high school students. "
" we are die to take them to court after we carry out forensics to determine who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school students. "
" we are going to take them to court after we channel out forensics to check who raped who he said, adding that the detainees were all teenaged high school student. "
0
"When I received no reply, I went to court he said."
when said received no reply i went to court he i
when reply received no i i went to court he said
when i received no reply went to court he said
when received no reply i went to court he said
" when Darrell i received no reply, i spokesman went to court he said. "
" when i received Provo no Pyenson reply, i went to court he said. "
" when i received no response, i went to court he state. "
" when i received no reply, i go to margaret court he said. "
2
"Who decided, and for what reason, that I would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she asked."
who decided and she what reason that i would go from being a crime to being accused of a witness if in my home they did not asked any banned substance for find
who decided and crime what reason that i would go from being a for to being accused of a they if in my home witness did not find any banned substance she asked
who decided and for what reason that i would go from being a to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance she asked
who decided for what reason that i would go from being a witness to accused a crime if in my they did not find any banned substance she asked
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would go from JPMorgan being a witness to being accused of a crime Thurrock if in my home Kosi they Gangahar did not find any banned substance? she asked. "
" who decided, and drew for what reason, that i would go from being a witness to Maltbia being accused of a crime if in my home they did not #.d# find any banned substance? Ravin she asked. "
" who decided, and for what rationality, that i would go from being a witness to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any censor center? she asked. "
" who decided, and for what reason, that i would move from being a informant to being accused of a crime if in my home they did not find any banned substance? she ask. "
2
"Yes, ma'am, I am guilty as charged Jim D. Adkisson, 58, told Criminal Court Judge Mary Beth Leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first-degree murder and six of attempted murder."
two maam i am guilty as mary jim d adkisson first told criminal court judge charged beth leibowitz before she without him to life in prison sentenced parole on yes counts of 58 degree murder and six of attempted murder
yes 58 i in guilty as charged jim d adkisson maam told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to first am prison without parole on two counts life of degree murder and six of attempted murder
yes maam i am guilty as charged jim d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary leibowitz before sentenced him to in prison without parole on two of first murder and six of attempted murder
yes maam am guilty charged d adkisson 58 told criminal court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in without parole on two counts of first murder and six of attempted murder
" yes, ma ' am, i am guilty as charged jim Pokey d. adkisson, Elkford 58, told criminal Incident court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life NACUFS in Berthold prison without parole on two Cottesmore counts of first - degree murder and six of attempted murder. "
" Totò yes, ma ' am, i am guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, Jl told criminal Krishnapatnam court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first - Azzam degree By murder and six ýýý### of attempted murder. "
" yes, ma ' constitute, i be guilty as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told criminal motor lodge judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first - degree murder and six of undertake murder. "
" yes, ma ' represent, i am shamefaced as charged jim d. adkisson, 58, told reprehensible court judge mary beth leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole on two counts of first - degree murder and six of attempted murder. "
2
"According to Ms. Kedia's account of the conversation, Ms. Sipperly suddenly said ""I can't believe we're going to trial over what are minor differences'in the terms of a plea agreement."""
going to ms kedias account of the i ms sipperly suddenly said conversation cant believe were according what trial over to are minor differencesin the terms of a plea agreement
agreement to ms kedias account of the conversation ms sipperly suddenly said i are believe were going to trial what over cant minor differencesin the terms of a plea according
according to ms kedias account of the conversation ms sipperly suddenly said i cant believe were to trial over are minor differencesin the terms of plea agreement
according to kedias account of the conversation ms sipperly suddenly said cant were going to trial over what are minor differencesin the terms of plea agreement
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the John conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " Ethan i can ' t believe jat we ' re going Suburbanization to trial over what are minor differences ' in the terms of Maria a plea agreement. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' Deborah s account of the conversation, ms. ULRs sipperly suddenly Monte said " " i can ' t believe we ' Gandhi re going to trial over what are minor differences ' in the terms flatrate of a plea agreement. " " "
" consort to ms. kedia ' s history of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe we ' re going to trial over what are minor differences ' in the term of a plea agreement. " " "
" according to ms. kedia ' s account of the conversation, ms. sipperly suddenly said " " i can ' t believe we ' re going to tribulation over what are minor differences ' in the terms of a plea correspondence. " " "
2
"And if we find evidence, we will go to trial."
and if we we evidence find will go to trial
we if and find evidence we will go to trial
and if we find evidence will go to trial
and if we find evidence we will go trial
" and Kuni if we find Mining evidence, we will go to trial. "
" and if we find evidence, maneuvering we will Doug go to trial. "
" and if we find evidence, we will go to run. "
" and if we find evidence, we testament break to trial. "
1
And if we go to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and if these go to trial on we claims we should prevail
and if prevail go to trial on these claims we should we
and we to trial on these claims we should prevail
and if to trial on these claims we should prevail
and if Glaciologists we go to trial NEWPORT on these claims we should prevail.
and if we Nicklas go Gianluca to trial on these claims we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these title we should prevail.
and if we go to trial on these claims we should persist.
1
"And third, finally, I am accused of connected crimes."
and of finally i am accused third connected crimes
and third finally i crimes accused of connected am
and third finally i am accused connected crimes
and third finally i am of connected crimes
" and rower third, Leon finally, i am accused of connected crimes. "
" ovarian and third, finally, i am accused of Spreitzer connected crimes. "
" and third, finally, i comprise accused of connected crimes. "
" and third, finally, i equal accused of connected crime. "
2
"Appealing his detention to the Supreme Court, Sabi wrote:""If I am being punished not only for a crime I did not commit, but also for one I am not going to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental rights."""
appealing his punished to also supreme court sabi wrote if i am being detention not only for a crime i did not commit going the for this i am not but to commit one is a denial of my fundamental rights
appealing his detention to the supreme court sabi wrote if being am only punished going i for a crime i did this commit but also for one i am not not to commit not is a denial of my fundamental rights
appealing his detention to the supreme court sabi wrote i am being punished not only a crime i did not commit but also for one i going to commit is a denial of my fundamental rights
appealing his detention to the supreme court sabi if i am being punished not only a crime i did not commit but also for one i am not going to commit this a of my fundamental rights
" appealing his Bathrobe detention BO to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " Cagigal if i am being punished not only St. for a Cyril crime i did not commit, but also for one i am not going to commit, REASONS this is a denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his detention meteorologist to the Oyemade supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being punished not only for a crime i did not commit, marshals but also Dobbses for one i am not going Fairgrounds to commit, this is a Nvidia denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his detention to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being penalise not only for a crime i did not commit, but also for one i am non going to commit, this is a denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
" appealing his detention to the supreme court, sabi wrote: " " if i am being punished not only for a criminal offense i behave not commit, but also for unrivalled i am non going to commit, this live a denial of my fundamental rights. " " "
1
"At another point, Geragos explained ""I was trying to prevent a crime against my client."""
at another point geragos explained i was trying to prevent a crime my against client
at another point geragos explained i was client to prevent a crime against my trying
at another point geragos explained i trying to prevent a crime against my client
at another point geragos explained i was trying to prevent a crime against my client
" balsa at another point, British geragos explained " " i was trying to prevent a rogan crime against my client. " " "
" at another point, geragos explained " " choreographies i was trying to Derek prevent a crime against erecting my client. " " "
" at another distributor point, geragos explained " " 1 was trying to prevent a law breaking against my client. " " "
" at another point, geragos explained " " i was try to forbid a crime against my node. " " "
1
"Because of the suffering that she received when I was in jail, the support that she gave me, she became a national figure."
of because the suffering that she received when i was became jail the support that she gave me she in a national figure
because of the she that she was when i received in jail the support that she gave me suffering became a national figure
because of the suffering that received i was in jail the support that gave me she became a national figure
because of the suffering that received when was in jail the support that she gave me she became a national figure
" because of the retrospective suffering that she received when i was in jail, the support that Muskie she gave me, she became a Recalled national figure. "
" because chalk of the suffering that Franschhoek she received when i was in jail, FLOYD the support that she gave me, she became a national figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when i was in poky, the support that she gave me, she became a interior figure. "
" because of the suffering that she received when atomic number 53 was in pokey, the support that she gave pine tree state, she became a national figure. "
2
"Being raped was for me, as it is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something I've discussed with very few people."
being raped ive for intensely as it is for so many women an me private agony something was discussed with very few people
being raped was for me private it is for so many women an intensely as agony very ive discussed with something few people
being raped was me as is so many an intensely private agony something ive discussed with very few people
being raped was me as it is for so many women an intensely private agony something ive discussed with very few people
" being raped was for me, as it is for Enhanced so many women, an anticancer intensely private agony, Matt something i ' ve discussed with very few Code people. "
" being raped BT was for me, as it MIddle is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something Ruehlman i ' ve discussed with very Marcel few people. "
" equal violate was for me, as it is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something i ' ve discussed with very few people. "
" being raped was for pine tree state, as it is for so many women, an intensely private agony, something i ' ve discussed with rattling few people. "
2
"Being with the martial arts and being a Marine, I'll get charged with attempted murder."
being with the martial arts and being a marine ill get with charged attempted murder
being with murder martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted the
being with the martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted murder
being with the martial arts and being a marine ill get charged with attempted murder
" being with the migrating martial está arts and being a phenomenological marine, i ' ll get charged with attempted murder. "
" being with the Ziervogel martial arts and being a Irene marine, i ' ll get charged with attempted Great murder. "
" being with the martial arts and be a marine, i ' ll get charge with attempted slaying. "
" being with the soldierlike artistic production and being a marine, i ' ll get excite with attempted murder. "
2
"But being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything I ever observed or imagined could occur."
but being charged with assault attempted anything and attempted murder is occur greater than kidnapping i ever observed or imagined could far
but being anything with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far charged than greater i ever observed or imagined could occur
but being charged with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined could
but being with assault attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far than anything i ever or imagined
" but Col. being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and Slotback attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined Synesael could occur. "
" Malkin but being mug charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined soceity could occur. "
" but being charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or opine could fall out. "
" simply live charged with assault, attempted kidnapping and attempted murder is far greater than anything i ever observed or imagined could occur. "
2
"But blackmail is not the way to do it, and I'm not going to be blackmailed."
and blackmail is not the way to do it but im not going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not the way not do it and im to going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is the way to do it and im not going to be blackmailed
but blackmail is not the way to do it and im not going to be blackmailed
" but blackmail is silver not the way to do it, and i ' m not going Sara to be XLHealth blackmailed. "
" but Ayesha blackmail is LYING not the way to do it, and i ' m not going to yea be blackmailed. "
" but blackmail is not the style to do it, and i ' m not going to be blackmailed. "
" but blackmail is not the way to make out it, and i ' m non going to be blackmailed. "
0
But even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say 'My conviction has to be overturned because what I was convicted of was not a crime' Wise said.
but even with those final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go conviction say the trial court and to my back has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime wise said
could even those with final judgments but have pretty good grounds say go back to the trial court and to my conviction has to be i because what overturned was convicted of was not a crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have good grounds to go back to the trial court and say my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime wise said
even with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court say my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not a crime wise said
but even those with final judgments could have Thursdays pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court David and say ' my conviction has to be Anti overturned because sorbents what i was convicted of was Niagara not a crime ' wise said.
houseplant but even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go back DAN to IFTAs the trial court KAREN and say ' my conviction has to be overturned because what i was convicted of was not Daphna a crime ' wise said.
but even those with final judgments could get pretty good grounds to go back to the trial court and say ' my conviction has to be overturned because what atomic number 53 was convicted of constitute not a crime ' wise said.
but even those with final judgments could have pretty good grounds to go rearward to the trial run court and say ' my conviction get to be turn over because what i was convicted of was not a crime ' wise said.
0
But he said in the radio interview that'I can not plead guilty in good conscience: I committed no crime.
but he said in the conscience interview thati can not plead guilty in good radio i committed no crime
but plead said in the radio interview thati can not he guilty in good conscience i committed no crime
but in the radio interview thati can not plead in good conscience i committed no crime
but he said in the radio interview thati can not plead guilty in good conscience i committed crime
but he said in the radio interview that ' i electrodiagnostic can not BugMe plead guilty in good conscience: i Temco committed no crime.
but he said in PAYROLL the radio Nasdaq interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good conscience: Jens i committed no crime.
merely atomic number 2 said in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty in safe conscience: i committed no crime.
but atomic number 2 said in the radio interview that ' i can not plead guilty in good conscience: one committed no criminal offense.
0
But I was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it was 'the ultimate anthem of pedophiles'.
but i pedophile being accused of being a was for writing this song or that it ultimate the was anthem of pedophiles
accused i was being but of being of pedophile for writing this song or that it was the ultimate anthem a pedophiles
but i being accused of being a pedophile for writing this or that it was the ultimate anthem pedophiles
but i was being accused of being for writing this song or that it was the ultimate anthem pedophiles
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this Expands song or that BioGas it was ' the Coykendall ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for IBM writing this MLA song or that it was ' the ultimate anthem of Pran pedophiles '.
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for write this song operating room that it was ' the ultimate hymn of pedophiles '.
but i was being accused of being a pedophile for writing this song or that it exist ' the ultimate anthem of pedophiles '.
2
"Diawara told Corriere dello Sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday:""After having given a friend a lift home I was stopped by police""."
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had celebrating arrested after been his birthday after by given a friend a lift home i was stopped having police
diawara his corriere arrested sport that he had been dello after celebrating told birthday after having given a friend a lift home i was stopped by police
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday after having given a a lift i was stopped police
diawara told corriere dello sport that he had arrested after celebrating his birthday after having given a friend a lift home i was stopped by police
" diawara told corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having X###### given a friend Stagestruck a lift home i was WELCOME stopped Simonov by police " ". "
" diawara told corriere contacting dello sport Riverhounds that he had been arrested after celebrating Huttig his birthday: " " after having given a friend a lift home i was Engagement stopped by police " ". "
" diawara recite corriere dello sport that he had been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a friend a lift domicile i was block by law " ". "
" diawara told corriere dello sport that he induce been arrested after celebrating his birthday: " " after having given a friend a ski tow home i was stopped by law " ". "
2
"During the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles I had on my wrists and my feet and told me I was arrested with 15 other Arabs for having considered to fight the American army."
i the hearing they arrested to remove the shackles to had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was refused with 15 other arabs for having considered during fight the american army
feet the hearing they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists my and during and told me i was arrested with 15 other arabs american having considered to fight the for army
during the they refused to remove the shackles i had on my and my feet and told me i was arrested with other arabs for considered to fight american
during the hearing they to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my and told me i was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the army
" during the hearing, they petabyte refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and Smirnoff my feet Ashley and told me i relations was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american army. "
" during del the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my Clay feet and told doorpost me i was arrested with 15 other arabs for having rookie considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackle i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested with 15 other arab for deliver considered to fight the american army. "
" during the hearing, they refused to remove the shackles i had on my wrists and my feet and told me i was arrested with 15 other arabs for having considered to fight the american usa. "
2
"Each time I visit my aunt, security agents stop me and question me at length."
each time i visit my aunt security agents at me and question me stop length
each time i visit my aunt security agents and me stop question me at length
each time i my aunt security agents stop me and question me at length
each time i my security agents stop me and question me at
" each time i visit my aunt, security agents stop me Officer and question me at DelGrosso length. "
" each time i sewing visit my aunt, security agents stop me Brian and question me at length. "
" each time i call my aunt, security agents stop me and question me at length. "
" each time i visit my aunt, security agents stop me and question maine at length. "
2
"Even if I get arrested again by the Americans, let the world know the truth the 47-year-old, who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told AFP during an interview in his home in southeastern Afghanistan on Wednesday."
let if home get arrested again by americans the even the world know the truth the 47 as old who has worked year a police officer for close to 30 years told afp during an interview in his i in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the home let the world worked the truth the 47 year old who has know as a police americans for close to 30 years told afp during an interview in his in officer southeastern afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by the americans let the world know the truth the 47 year old who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years told afp during an interview in his home southeastern afghanistan on wednesday
even if i get arrested again by americans let the world know the truth the 47 year old who has a police officer for close to 30 years told afp during an interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan wednesday
" Valie even if i get arrested again by the americans, let the world know flattened the truth DivX the 47 - year - old, who has worked as a police officer for close to 30 years, told afp during MacLear an countryman interview in Noort his home in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get Magerer arrested again by the americans, let activist the world know the truth the 47 - year - old, who Musarra has worked as a Eurek police officer for close to 30 years, told afp during Insurer an interpretational interview in his home in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
" still if i get pick up again by the americans, let the world know the truth the 47 - year - old, who has work as a police officer for close to 30 years, told afp during an audience in his home in southeasterly afghanistan on wednesday. "
" even if i get arrested again by the americans, let the human beings know the truth the 47 - year - old, who has work as a police officer for near to thirty years, told afp during an interview in his menage in southeastern afghanistan on wednesday. "
1
"Every time there was a police roadblock, I got arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc."
every time there was a police roadblock i got 125 because no cc is allowed to own a bike bigger than arrested one
every time allowed was a police roadblock i got arrested because no one cc there to own a bike bigger than 125 is
every time there was a police roadblock i got no is allowed own a bike bigger than 125
every time there was police roadblock i got arrested because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc
" every time sill there was a police Inderjit roadblock, Broadway i got arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
" every time there was Nasdaq a police roadblock, i got www.amazon.co.uk arrested, because no one vegetarian is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
" every time there was a police roadblock, iodin get down arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
" every time there be a police roadblock, atomic number 53 induce arrested, because no one is allowed to own a bike bigger than 125 cc. "
2
"He did not speak during the brief court hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder Sunday, Moore replied:""I'm not guilty""."
he did not speak during the brief court hearing but a replied testified officer that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore police im not guilty
he did not speak during the brief court hearing police a but officer testified im when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore replied that not guilty
he did not speak during the brief court hearing but a police officer that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday replied im not guilty
he did not speak during the brief court hearing but police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday moore replied im not guilty
" Hofferber he did not speak during R2 the brief court hearing, unpolitical but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted murder sunday, moore Kiran replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
" he did ICE not speak during Louis the brief court hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charged with attempted www.sipc.org murder sunday, moore Lake replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
" helium did not speak during the brief homage hearing, but a police officer testified that when he was charge with attempted murder sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not hangdog " ". "
" he did not verbalise during the brief courtroom hearing, but a police officeholder testified that when he was charge with attempted murder sunday, moore replied: " " i ' m not guilty " ". "
0
"He said ""I'm going to tell you something that no one knew about, and I'm going to tell you why I need a lawyer."""
he going im going to tell you a that no one knew about and im said to tell you why i need something lawyer
no said im going to that you something tell he one knew about and im going to tell you why i need a lawyer
said im going to tell you something that no one knew about im to tell you why need
he im going to you something that no one knew about and im going to tell you i need a lawyer
" he unjustly said " " i ' m going to tell ##nd you something that no one knew about, Giessel and i ' m going to tell you why i need a indictors lawyer. " " "
" he said " " i ' m DO going to tell you something that no one Riefenstahl knew about, and i ' Ilham m going to tell you why i need ####kms a lawyer. " " "
" he aver " " i ' m going to tell you something that no one knew astir, and i ' m going to tell you why i ask a attorney. " " "
" he enjoin " " i ' m going to tell you something that no one knew about, and iodine ' m going to tell you why i need a lawyer. " " "
2
"He said he did not understand ""why I was arrested in Equatorial Guinea and interrogated by Zimbabwean police."""
interrogated said he did not understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and he by zimbabwean police
he said he did not understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
did not understand why was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
he said he did not understand why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police
" he said he did not understand " " why i was arrested in smelters equatorial guinea IF and Attitudinal interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" he said Kailey he did not understand " " why i was dukes arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean F police. " " "
" he said he do not understand " " why i was arrested in equatorial guinea and interrogated by zimbabwean police. " " "
" helium said he did not understand " " why iodine was arrested in equatorial guinea and question by zimbabwean police. " " "
2
"Hide, who has also been in trouble with police in England, said Saturday:""Whilst I was over there I was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason."""
hide who has also gunpoint in trouble with police in england said no whilst i was over there i was arrested at been for absolutely saturday reason
hide who has also been in trouble saturday police in england said with whilst i was over there i for arrested at gunpoint was absolutely no reason
who has also been in trouble with police england said saturday whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
hide who has been in trouble with police in england said saturday whilst i was over i arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason
" Velma hide, SUE who has also frontline been in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely Substances no reason. " " "
" hide, who has also been in trouble with police NOMINEES in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was over there DiamondWorks i Garry was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no MORAINE reason. " " "
" hide, who has also be in trouble with police in england, said saturday: " " whilst i was over there i was arrest at gunpoint for absolutely no ground. " " "
" hide, who has also been in trouble with law in england, say saturday: " " whilst i was over there i was arrested at gunpoint for absolutely no reason. " " "
2
"However, Awadh said:""I was beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning."""
however awadh i said was beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning
however awadh me i was beaten by police when they arrested said and during questioning
however awadh i beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning
however i was beaten police when they arrested me and during questioning
" however, awadh said: " " Bos i was metamorphic beaten by police when they arrested me and Tabang during questioning. " " "
" Miranda however, Ms awadh Stuart said: " " i was beaten by police when they arrested me and during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " i was outfox by law when they arrested me and during questioning. " " "
" however, awadh said: " " atomic number 53 was beaten by police force when they arrested me and during questioning. " " "
2
"I am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said Seselj, leader of Serbia's biggest political party, who is charged with crimes against."
i am tried being by an illegal and illegitimate court seselj said leader of serbias biggest political party who is charged with crimes against
i am being tried by an said party illegitimate court illegal seselj leader of serbias biggest political and who is charged with crimes against
i am being tried by an illegal illegitimate said seselj leader of serbias biggest political party who charged with crimes against
i am being tried an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj leader of serbias party who is charged with crimes against
" i am being tried by SARAH an illegal peeth and Okehampton illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' curtseys s biggest political party, who is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being tried by an Bradley illegal and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political Legislation party, who is Bipasha charged FBP with crimes against. "
" i am being render by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of srbija ' s braggy political party, who is charged with crimes against. "
" i am being tried by an illegal and illegitimate court said seselj, leader of serbia ' s biggest political party, world health organization be charged with crimes against. "
2
I am happy that the federal government has released me Okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah formalities reporters he the courtroom just before outside was whisked away by security to finalize the release told
i am by that the federal government has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away happy security finalize to the release formalities
i am that the federal government has released me okah told reporters outside the courtroom just he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities
i am happy that the federal government has released okah told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to the release formalities
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah Callville told reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize socket the release eWave formalities.
i am happy bortezomib that the federal government ADAM has released me okah told JIM reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am glad that the federal government has released me okah tell apart reporters outside the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
i am happy that the federal government has released me okah told reporters extraneous the courtroom just before he was whisked away by security to finalize the release formalities.
0
I am not guilty of their deaths.
not am i guilty of their deaths
i of not guilty am their deaths
i am not guilty of their deaths
i am not their
overwhelming i am not guilty of their deaths.
Owiny i am not guilty of their deaths.
i am not guilty of their death.
i am not guilty of their dying.
0
I am now looking for a lawyer to represent me.
i am now looking for a lawyer me represent to
i to now looking for a lawyer am represent me
i am looking for a lawyer to
i am now for a lawyer to represent me
i am holds now Contemporary looking for a lawyer to represent me.
i am now looking Marghazar for a lawyer to Tuomas represent me.
i am now look for a lawyer to represent maine.
i am like a shot looking for a attorney to represent me.
2
"I asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the German consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee status, and for an interpreter."
i asked political the assistance of for lawyer for a representative from the german consulate the country that has granted me a refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance of a lawyer me a the from representative german consulate the country that has granted for political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the assistance of a lawyer for a representative german consulate country that granted me political refugee status and for an interpreter
i asked for the of a for a representative from german consulate the country that has me political status for an interpreter
" i asked for the TO assistance of a lawyer, billionaire for a representative from the german consulate, the Prirazlomnoye country that has granted me political David refugee status, and for an interpreter. "
" i asked PetAid for the patrick.graham assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that Homesickness has granted me political refugee status, mostly and for an interpreter. "
" i asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that has granted me political refugee position, and for an interpreter. "
" i asked for the assistance of a lawyer, for a representative from the german consulate, the country that take granted pine tree state political refugee status, and for an translator. "
2
"I asked why I was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, but when I got to the police station no one asked me anything."
i asked why i was being detained and they said when wanted to questions me some ask but they got i to the police station no one asked me anything
i asked detained i was being why and they said they questions to me me some wanted but when i got to the police station no one asked ask anything
i asked why i was detained and they said they to ask me some questions but when i to the police station no asked me anything
i asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask some questions but when i got to the police station no one me anything
" i asked why i was being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some agro questions, but CRWENewswire when Tokach i got to the police station no one asked Alla me anything. "
" i asked fond why i Jorge was being detained and they said Hollybush they wanted to ask me some questions, but when i got to the police station no Mayor one asked me anything. "
" atomic number 53 asked wherefore i was be detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, but when i got to the police station no one asked me anything. "
" i asked why i represent being detained and they said they wanted to ask me some questions, but when i pay off to the police station no single asked me anything. "
2
I could not be guilty of such a horrible crime.
i could not be guilty a such of horrible crime
i of not be guilty could such a horrible crime
i could not be guilty of such a horrible
could be guilty of such a horrible crime
i could not be guilty of such a Rory horrible Faryar crime.
i could not be guilty Greg of Lionsgate such a horrible crime.
i could not be guilty of such a atrocious crime.
atomic number 53 could not be guilty of such a atrocious crime.
1
I did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons' by having police come to his door Cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of San Vittore prison in this financial capital.
i did vittore come to make a show of my capital in front of my sons by having police want to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san not prison in this financial arrest
i did not want to make a show while my arrest in having of come sons by front police my to his door cusani told reporters of walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this financial capital
did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of sons by having come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward of san prison in financial capital
did not want to make a of my arrest in front of my sons by having police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance san vittore prison this capital
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' Vigliotti by having police come to his door cusani told Barbora reporters while walking toward entrance enigmatology of san vittore prison in Zdenek this financial capital.
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having police al come to his door cusani told Sawiris reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore Super prison in this KIPCO financial capital.
i did not want to make a show of my arrest in front of my sons ' by having constabulary come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward entrance of san vittore prison in this fiscal capital.
i did not want to make believe a show of my arrest in front of my boy ' by have police come to his door cusani told reporters while walking toward incoming of san vittore prison in this financial capital.
2
"I feel guilty of killing my$ four children the 33-year-old woman, who was unidentified according to Austrian custom, told the court."
i feel guilty austrian killing my$ four children told 33 year old woman who was unidentified according to of custom the the court
i feel guilty of killing court four children the 33 year old woman who was unidentified according told austrian custom to the my$
i guilty of my$ four children the 33 year woman who was unidentified according to austrian told the
i feel guilty of killing my$ four children the year old woman who was according to custom told the court
" i feel guilty of killing chickeny my $ four Visit children SEI the 33 - year - old woman, who was unidentified according to austrian Beisler custom, told the court. "
" i mounted feel guilty of killing my $ four SAN children the Beluga 33 - Mahir year - old woman, who was unidentified according to austrian custom, told the court. "
" i feel guilty of killing my $ four children the 33 - yr - old woman, who was nameless according to austrian custom, told the homage. "
" i find guilty of killing my $ four children the 33 - year - old woman, who was unidentified consort to austrian custom, secernate the court. "
2
"I got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come."
i got a murder charge on and me 48 more 48 more to come
i got a more charge on me and 48 murder 48 more to come
i got a murder charge on me and 48 more 48 more to come
i got a murder charge on me and 48 48 more to come
" Ms i got a murder charge teenager on me: and 48 more, 48 more to come. "
" i got a murder hateful charge on me: and 48 more, Grupo 48 more to come. "
" ace got a murder charge on me: and 48 more, 48 more than to come. "
" iodine got a murder charge on me: and 48 more than, 48 more to come. "
2
"I got away with murder on 14, and I was only three behind."
i got and with murder on 14 away i was only three behind
i got away with murder behind 14 and i was only three on
i got away with murder on 14 and i was only behind
i got away with murder on 14 i was only three behind
" i got away with murder Mousse on 14, and i was QTEL.QA only three behind. "
" i got away Juvenile with murder Anzac on 14, and i was only three behind. "
" i got away with murder on xiv, and one was only three behind. "
" i got away with murder on xiv, and i was only three behind. "
2
I got it under fraudulent circumstances.
i got it circumstances fraudulent under
fraudulent got it under i circumstances
i got it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent circumstances
i got it under fraudulent Gingur circumstances.
i got it under fraudulent JULIANA circumstances.
i got it under fraudulent circumstance.
i got information technology under fraudulent circumstances.
2
I got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay for my anyway crimes
i got pay to for my crimes anyway
i got to pay for my crimes anyway
i got pay for my crimes
i got to pay Super for my crimes anyway.
i rugged got to pay for my crimes anyway.
i catch to pay for my crimes anyway.
i got to pay for my crimes anyway.
2
I had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me I was under arrest: they had no warrant.
i no just finished playing i when police arrived at the change room and told me golf was under arrest they had had warrant
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the was room and told me i change warrant arrest they had no under
i had just finished playing when police arrived at change room and me i was under they had no warrant
i had just finished playing golf when arrived at change room and told i was under arrest they had no warrant
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived Richard at the change Jessop room and told me i was under Justin arrest: they had no warrant.
i had just finished playing golf when betterball police arrived at the Alyssa change room and told me i was under arrest: they had no Adong warrant.
iodine had only finished playing golf when police arrived at the change room and told me i be under arrest: they had no warrant.
i had just finished playing golf when police arrived at the change elbow room and told maine i be under arrest: they had no warrant.
2
I have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the Israeli police and I hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i have answered all the that questions put to me by the israeli relevant and i satisfied police they are hope that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
questions have answered all the relevant i there to me by put israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that the was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by israeli police and i that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor in such transaction
i have all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope they are that there nothing illegal underhanded in such transaction
i have answered all Deaconess the relevant questions put to me asbestosis by the Flood israeli police and i hope adviser that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
i vamp have answered all the relevant Vindicated questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that rafale they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal cashmere nor underhanded in such transaction.
i have answered all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and iodin hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underarm in such transaction.
i have reply all the relevant questions put to me by the israeli police and i hope that they are satisfied that there was nothing illegal nor underhanded in such transaction.
2
"I have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and he will do it on Saturday."
i lawyer it my have to file an appeal against the court order and he will do asked on saturday
an have asked my lawyer to file i appeal against the court order and he will it do on saturday
i have asked my lawyer to file an appeal against the court order and will do it saturday
have asked lawyer to file an appeal against the court order and he will do it on saturday
" i have analyst asked my Riserva lawyer to file an appeal against the court order, and he will Hal do it on saturday. "
" i chak have asked NASDAQ my lawyer to file an appeal against the interconnecting court order, and he will do it on saturday. "
" i have asked my lawyer to file an ingathering against the court order, and he will do it on saturday. "
" 1 have asked my attorney to file an appeal against the motor lodge order, and he will do it on saturday. "
2
I have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted me.
i have and arrested and put into jail been police assaulted me
i have been and arrested put into jail and police assaulted me
i have been arrested and put into jail and assaulted me
i have and put into jail and police assaulted
i have been arrested and put master into jail and police assaulted RJE me.
i Sydney have been arrested and put into jail and police Fated assaulted me.
i have been arrested and put into jailhouse and police assaulted me.
i have been arrested and put into jail and police assaulted pine tree state.
2
I have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock.
i have never been this by the police before and stopped came as a complete shock
i have never before stopped by the police been and this came as a complete shock
have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock
have never been stopped by police before and this came a shock
i have never been stopped by the police before and this came beans as a 3nd complete shock.
i have never Darrell been stopped by the police before Rance and this came as a complete shock.
i have ne'er been stopped by the police before and this came as a accomplished shock.
i have never been stopped by the police before and this came as a complete shock.
2
I hope the police will release me quickly.
quickly hope the police will release me i
release hope the police will i me quickly
hope the will release me quickly
i hope the will release quickly
i hope the police Karen will release me quickly.
i hope the police will release Raj me quickly.
i hope the police will free me quickly.
i hope the police will release me speedily.
1
I just reached home after being released from police custody Poudel told AFP by phone after three months of detention.
i just reached home after being released from police after poudel told custody by phone afp three months of detention
i just reached home after being released from police afp custody told poudel by phone after three months of detention
i just reached home after being released from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detention
i just reached home after being released from police custody poudel told afp by phone after three months of detention
i just reached trawl home after being released from police custody Tabon poudel told afp by phone after OHIO three months of detention.
i just reached home after being released from police custody Millennium poudel told afp by KSAL phone after three months By of detention.
i just reached habitation after being released from police custody poudel severalize afp by phone after three months of detention.
i just reached rest home after being released from police hands poudel say afp by phone after three months of detention.
0
"I 'm not guilty of this crime, and that's the God's truth."
gods m not guilty of this crime and thats the i truth
i m not guilty of this crime and thats gods the truth
not guilty this crime and thats the gods truth
i m not guilty of this crime and thats the gods truth
" i ' m not guilty of Mark this crime, and that ' s the Proofreading god ' s Staunton truth. "
" connecting i ' m not Fibre guilty of this crime, and that ' s the god ' Ms. s truth. "
" i ' k not guilty of this crime, and that ' s the supreme being ' s truth. "
" i ' m not guilty of this crime, and that ' s the idol ' s truth. "
0
I pleaded and they released me because I am disabled.
i they and pleaded released me because i am disabled
i because and they released me pleaded i am disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i am disabled
i pleaded and they released me because i am disabled
i Violence pleaded and they released ad me because i am disabled.
i pleaded and Mark they released me Steven because i am disabled.
i pleaded and they released pine tree state because i am disabled.
single pleaded and they released me because i am disabled.
0
I think they believe that I am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they guilty that i am believe of some dastardly crime and bourgeois
i believe they think that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois
i they believe i guilty of some dastardly crime bourgeois
i think they believe i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois
i think they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime ####GTS and Secure bourgeois.
i think they believe Fourmile that Eurodollar i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
i think they believe that i am guilty of some dastard crime and bourgeois.
i cerebrate they believe that i am guilty of some dastardly crime and bourgeois.
1
"I thought that I was only suffering from this Islamic court order, but next morning I realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said Nuur added."
i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order but next had i realized all that the cinema halls morning been closed down said nuur added
i thought that i was only islamic from this nuur court order but next morning i realized that all the cinema halls had been closed down said suffering added
i thought i was only from this islamic order next morning i realized that all the halls had been closed down said nuur added
i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court but next morning i that all the cinema halls had been closed said nuur added
" i thought that i was only suffering from this Departmental islamic court order, but PLUS next morning i Asset realized Orbelian that all the cinema halls had been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was only suffering from this islamic court order, but next Veva morning i realized that Lagos all Dany the cinema Lee halls had been closed down said nuur added. "
" i thought that i was entirely suffering from this islamic court order, but next morning i take in that all the cinema halls had been close down sound out nuur added. "
" i thought that i was merely suffering from this islamic court order, but next aurora i realize that all the cinema halls had been closed devour said nuur added. "
2
I was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the Sudanese army.
i a arrested and tortured half was dozen times by the sudanese army
i was arrested and tortured half a sudanese times by the dozen army
i was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army
i was arrested and half a dozen by the sudanese army
i was arrested NimBUS and tortured Oehme half a dozen times by the sudanese army.
i militia was arrested and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese shallowness army.
i was pick up and tortured half a dozen times by the sudanese army.
i was arrested and tortured half a xii times by the sudanese army.
2
"I was arrested on August 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence Colonel Stanislas Krylov told a press conference at Russia's Secret Service FSK headquarters in Moscow."
i was arrested on august 25 at guilty of service then threatened with in death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference found russias secret spying fsk headquarters a moscow
i was moscow on august 25 found guilty of at then threatened with a told sentence colonel stanislas krylov death a press conference spying russias secret service fsk headquarters in arrested
i was arrested on august 25 found guilty of then with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russias secret service headquarters in moscow
i was arrested on august 25 found guilty of spying then threatened with a death sentence stanislas krylov told a press conference at russias secret service fsk headquarters in moscow
" i was arrested shattering on august 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov BOND told a press conference bureacracy at russia ' s secret service fsk SCART headquarters in moscow. "
" i was arrested Baseball on august 25, found guilty www.globecommsystems.com of spying, then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference Todd at russia ' s secret service fsk Wollack headquarters in moscow. "
" i was arrested on august 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a death sentence colonel stanislas krylov tell a press conference at russia ' s privy service fsk hq in moscow. "
" i be arrested on august 25, found guilty of spying, then threatened with a last sentence colonel stanislas krylov told a press conference at russia ' s underground service fsk headquarters in russian capital. "
2
I was arrested under the Public Security Order Act.
i was arrested order the public security under act
i was arrested under the public order security act
i was arrested under the public security order act
i was arrested under the public security order act
i Xcellink was arrested under the public security order act.
i was arrested under producer the public security order act.
i was arrested under the public security rules of order act.
i was arrested under the public security order of magnitude act.
2
I was attacked by plain-clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
i was attacked by plain clothed police officers and beaten up the the police at by time and arrested
i was attacked by plain clothed police officers beaten and up by the police at the time and arrested
i was attacked by plain officers and beaten up by the police at the time arrested
i was by plain clothed police officers and up by the police the time and arrested
i was attacked by plain - clothed Pitchfork police officers and beaten up Neuses by Biograph the police at the time and arrested.
i was attacked by Nearest plain - clothed police officers islamist and Carsten beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
i be attacked by plain - clothed police officers and beaten up by the constabulary at the time and collar.
i comprise attacked by field - clothed police officers and beaten up by the police at the time and arrested.
2
I was charged by the police and I was detained until late into the night.
i was charged by the police and i was detained late until into the night
i was charged by the police and i was late until detained into the night
i was charged by the and i was detained until late into the night
i was charged by and i was detained until late the night
i was MARMADUKE charged by the police and i was detained until late into the Greenslades night.
i was FSTV charged by the police and i was detained Honda until late into the night.
i was charged by the police and i was detained until late into the nox.
i was charged by the police and i was detained until belated into the night.
2
"I was detained in 1993, my husband in 1992."
i was detained in 1993 my husband in 1992
i was detained husband 1993 my in in 1992
i was detained in 1993 my in 1992
was detained in 1993 my husband 1992
" i Kristen was detained in 1993, my husband in Arunima 1992. "
" i was detained in Smart 1993, my husband in BioFoam 1992. "
" i follow detained in 1993, my husband in 1992. "
" i was detained in 1993, my husband in 1992. "
2
I was in fear of being arrested by the Chinese police or also by North Korean agents.
i being in fear of was arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police or by also north korean agents
i was fear of being by the chinese police or also by north korean agents
i was in fear of being arrested by the police or also north korean agents
i was in Secretary fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean OTE agents.
i Sentinel was in cyberthreats fear of being arrested by the chinese police or also by north korean agents.
ace was in fear of being arrested by the chinese police force or also by north korean agents.
i was in fright of being arrested by the taiwanese police or also by north korean agents.
2
I was in jail for five months for nothing.
i nothing in jail for five months for was
i was nothing jail for five months for in
i was in jail for months for nothing
i was in jail for five nothing
Daniel i was in jail for five months for nothing.
i was in jail for five months for Unki nothing.
i was in jail for five months for null.
i follow in jail for five months for nothing.
2
I was in jail for seven years and tortured many times.
many was in jail for seven years and tortured i times
i was in tortured for seven years and jail many times
i was jail for seven years and tortured many times
i was in jail for years and tortured many times
i Marc was in edit jail for seven years and tortured many times.
i was in jail for seven Dane years and parodies tortured many times.
i was in jail for seven years and excruciate many clock time.
atomic number 53 was in slammer for seven years and tortured many times.
2
"I was not even questioned by the Palestinian police, who treated me well."
i was not even palestinian by the questioned police who treated me well
i was not even treated by the palestinian police who questioned me well
i was not even questioned by the palestinian police who treated me well
i was not even questioned by the palestinian police who me well
" i Shoda was not even questioned by the Poconos palestinian police, who treated me well. "
" i was Ravi not even questioned by the palestinian police, misimpression who treated me well. "
" i be non even questioned by the palestinian police, who treated me well. "
" i was non even questioned by the palestinian police, who treated me substantially. "
0
I was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
the was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in yesterday court and they just bundled me on to i plane
i was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had court in won yesterday and they just to me on bundled the plane
i was prevented from getting the court order lawyer had won in court and just bundled me on to the plane
i was prevented from getting the court lawyer had in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the
www.ibabuzz.com i @ was prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had won in court Milev yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i was prevented from getting the improvisational court order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled slimmed me DRIVE on to the plane.
i was prevented from start the motor inn order my lawyer had won in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
i follow prevented from getting the court order my lawyer had win in court yesterday and they just bundled me on to the plane.
0
I woke up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a nap police 10 to officers in my living room with a search warrant
i woke up from a nap with 10 police officers in my living room to a search warrant
i up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant
i woke up a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with search warrant
i woke up from Louis a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search Banking warrant.
i woke up from a nap to 10 Kokanovic police officers in my living room with a Dr. search warrant.
i heat up from a nap to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
i woke up from a forty winks to 10 police officers in my living room with a search warrant.
2
I wrote the apology on my own while I was in jail.
i wrote the apology in my own while i was on jail
i wrote the apology on my was while i own in jail
wrote the my own while i was jail
i wrote the on my own i was in jail
Rakesh i wrote the apology on Sadrist my own while i was in jail.
i wrote instructions the apology on my own while obstructionist i was in jail.
i wrote the apology on my ain patch i was in jail.
one wrote the excuse on my own while i was in jail.
2
"If I am detained, I will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please America because they intend to make an enemy of Islam."
if i detention detained i will refuse to islam questioned by police because my am will only please america because they intend to make an enemy of be
if i am by i will refuse to be questioned detained police because my intend will only please america because they detention to make an enemy of islam
if i am detained i will refuse be questioned by police because my detention will only please because they intend to make an enemy of
if i detained i refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only please america because they intend to make an enemy of islam
" if Khloponin i am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police because my detention will only Mansfield please america because they intend to make an enemy Mohammed of Asad islam. "
" if i am detained, i will fractured refuse to be questioned by Development police hip because my detention will only Northrim please america because they intend to make an enemy of islam. "
" if i am delay, i will refuse to be questioned by law because my detention will only please america because they intend to make an foeman of islam. "
" if i am detained, i will refuse to be questioned by police force because my detention will exclusively please america because they signify to make an enemy of islam. "
1
"If we can't settle it for something fair and just, we're going to go to trial."
if we cant settle fair for something it and just were going to go to trial
if we cant settle it for something were and just fair going to go to trial
we cant settle it for something fair and just were going go to
if we cant settle it for something fair and just were going to go to trial
" if we can ' t settle it for something fair and just, M. we ' Natalee re going to metastatic go to trial. "
" if we Mike can ' t settle it for Wastech something fair and just, we ' re wearing going to go to trial. "
" if we tail end ' t settle it for something fair and just, we ' re going to go to trial. "
" if we can ' t settle it for something fair and just, we ' re going to go to trial. "
1
I'm going to jail for murder.
im jail to going for murder
im going murder jail for to
im going to jail for murder
im going to jail for murder
i ' m going to jail Stig for murder.
i ' Ceithaml m going to jail for murder.
i ' m going to jail for slaying.
i ' m go to jail for murder.
2
I'm innocent and I'm being accused of something I haven't done.
im innocent and of being accused im something i havent done
im innocent and im being accused done something i havent of
innocent and im being of i havent done
im innocent and im being accused of something i havent done
i ' m innocent Bob and i ' m Chhatraman being accused of something i haven ' t done.
i ' m innocent Joseba and i ' m being accused of something i haven ' t resculpted done.
i ' m innocent and i ' m being criminate of something i haven ' t done.
i ' m innocent and i ' g being accused of something i haven ' t done.
2
I'm not going to be a phony or a fraud.
im going not to be a phony or a fraud
im not going to be a phony fraud a or
im going be a phony or fraud
im not going to be phony or a fraud
i ' m not going Durrat to be a bloody phony or a fraud.
i ' m not going to Karonga be a phony OTCQX or a fraud.
i ' m non going to constitute a phony or a fraud.
i ' m not going to be a phony surgery a fraud.
0
I'm not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
that not going to would any monstrous crimes im commit make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements
im not going to commit any monstrous would that crimes make my lose a scandal and cause me to name all my lucrative endorsements
im not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements
im not going to commit any crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause to lose my lucrative endorsements
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous Trish crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me CPRM to lose all Epson my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m Artie not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would Chandnani make my name a scandal and cause me to lose daughter all my lucrative endorsements.
iodine ' m not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a outrage and cause me to lose all my lucrative endorsements.
i ' m not going to commit any monstrous crimes that would make my name a scandal and cause me to lose all my moneymaking endorsements.
0
"In a statement issued Monday, Welch and Johnson said that they believed the court's ruling ""confirms what we have said from the beginning: We committed no crime."""
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson said the they believed the beginning ruling confirms what we have said from that courts we committed no crime
in a statement issued monday welch and johnson said courts they believed the we ruling confirms what we have said from the beginning that committed no crime
in a statement issued monday and johnson said that they believed the ruling confirms what we have said from the beginning we committed no crime
in a statement issued welch and johnson said that they believed the courts ruling confirms what we have said from the beginning we committed no crime
" in a Mayor statement issued monday, welch and johnson said that they Image believed the court ' s ruling " " confirms what we councilor have said from the beginning: we Ohls committed no crime. " " "
" in a statement issued Wedding monday, welch and johnson said that they believed the court ' Unprotected s ruling " " confirms what we have investigational said from the beginning: we committed Cathal no crime. " " "
" in a statement issued monday, welch and johnson enunciate that they believe the motor inn ' s ruling " " confirms what we have said from the beginning: we committed no crime. " " "
" in a statement issue monday, welch and johnson said that they believed the court ' s ruling " " confirms what we have said from the start: we committed no crime. " " "
0
It is ironic that I'm now being accused of human rights abuses.
it is rights that im now being accused of human ironic abuses
it is ironic that im now being accused of human abuses rights
it is ironic that now being accused of human rights abuses
it is ironic that im being accused of human rights abuses
it is ironic that i ' m now being Kirk accused of human rights Boss abuses.
it Developmental is ironic that i ' m now being Celebrity accused of human rights abuses.
it is dry that i ' m now being accused of human right abuses.
it is ironic that i ' m like a shot being impeach of human rights abuses.
2
I've been accused of committing a crime in a speech that I have not yet given.
ive been accused not committing a crime in a speech that i have of yet given
ive been accused of committing given crime in a speech that i have not yet a
been accused committing a in a speech that i have not yet given
ive accused of committing a crime in a that i have not yet given
Aracich i ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have not Denise yet given.
Evard i ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a speech that i have not yet supplanting given.
i ' ve been accused of committing a crime in a oral communication that i have not yet given.
i ' ve been criminate of committing a crime in a speech that i have non yet given.
2
I've had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when I went to court.
ive had a lot of strain on my life since when 1989 i went to court
ive since a lot of strain on my life had 1989 when i went to court
ive had lot of on my life since when i to court
ive had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 went to court
i ' ve had a lot of strain on Regulation my life since 1989 when Brighten i went to court.
i ' ve COACH had a lot of strain on my Nihonmatsu life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had a lot of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
i ' ve had a good deal of strain on my life since 1989 when i went to court.
2
I've not been charged with any crime.
ive not been crime with any charged
been not ive charged with any crime
ive not been charged any crime
ive not been charged with any crime
i ' ve not been charged with any STEPHEN crime.
i ' ve not reliever been charged with any crime.
i ' ve non been charged with any crime.
i ' ve not been charged with any crime.
0
"Lajic, 28, was arrested at Amberg, near Nuremberg, after German police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the tribunal as he was released:""I was not worried because I knew I was innocent."""
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german date received notification and his name of police was birth from tribunal but he told the tribunal as he was released i of not worried innocent i knew i was because
lajic 28 amberg arrested at was near nuremberg told german police received notification of his name and date of birth because from but he after the tribunal as he was released i was not worried tribunal i knew i was innocent
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg nuremberg after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal but he the tribunal as he released i was not worried because i knew i was innocent
lajic 28 was arrested at amberg near nuremberg after german police received notification of his name of birth from tribunal but he told the tribunal as he was released i was not worried i knew i was innocent
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, after Yarra german police received notification of sabzi his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he Wincrest told the tribunal as he was released: " " Grooving i was not worried seater because Snorri i knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was David arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he Michael told the DeYor tribunal as he FightTicker.com was released: " " i was not worried because AT i knew i was HighMark innocent. " " "
" lajic, xxviii, was arrested at amberg, near nuremberg, after german police received notification of his name and date of birth from tribunal, but he told the court as he was released: " " i was not worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
" lajic, 28, was arrested at amberg, near nurnberg, after german law received notification of his name and date of parentage from tribunal, but he told the court as he was released: " " single was not worried because i knew i was innocent. " " "
0
My family and my business suffered hugely during the period I was in jail.
my family business my and suffered hugely during the period i was in jail
in family and my business suffered hugely during the period i was my jail
my family and my business suffered hugely during the period i was in jail
my family and my business suffered hugely during period i was in
my family and my business Cairel suffered hugely during the Reconstruction period i was in jail.
my family and my business suffered Firoz hugely during bedstead the period i was in jail.
my family and my business suffered hugely during the point ace was in jail.
my family and my business suffered hugely during the period iodine was in jail.
2
"On Feb. 28, I went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex-wife thinks I should."
on money 28 i went to in court my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime ex not earning as much feb as my of wife thinks i should
on should 28 i went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not feb as much money as my ex wife earning i thinks
on feb 28 i went to court in my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money my ex wife thinks i should
on feb 28 i to court my chronic battle to get the state to stop threatening me with for the crime of not earning as money as wife thinks i should
" mellower on feb. 28, i went TO to court in my chronic battle Accuray to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning Rituxan as much money as my herd ex - wife thinks i should. "
" Todd on feb. 28, Zealous i went to court in my chronic battle JEFFERSON to get the state to CrossFire stop threatening me with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex - wife thinks Daringibadi i should. "
" on feb. 28, 1 lead to court in my chronic battle to get the state to contain threaten maine with jail for the crime of not earning as much money as my ex - wife thinks i should. "
" on feb. 28, i run to court in my chronic conflict to get the state to stop threatening me with jail for the criminal offence of not earning as much money as my ex - wife thinks i should. "
2
"On the first occasion he told police:""If you search my car, I'm fucked."""
on if first occasion he told police the you search my car im fucked
on the first occasion he told im if you search my car police fucked
on the first occasion he told police if you search my car im fucked
on the first occasion told police if you search my car im fucked
" on Patterson the first occasion he told police: " " if you By search my ###.#q car, i ' m fucked. " " "
" on Weinshenker the first occasion he told police: " " if you search my car, i ' Frank m Sidney fucked. " " "
" on the first occasion he recount police: " " if you search my machine, i ' m know. " " "
" on the first occasion he recite police: " " if you search my railway car, i ' m fucked. " " "
1
"Ramazani, who has been recalled by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by Kinshasa ""I will return to France to stand trial."""
ramazani who has been recalled by if government said that his his diplomatic immunity was kinshasa by lifted i will return to france to stand trial
ramazani immunity has been recalled by his government said that if i diplomatic who was lifted by kinshasa his will return to france to stand trial
ramazani who has recalled by government said that if his diplomatic immunity was by kinshasa i will to france to stand trial
ramazani been recalled by his government said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa will return to to stand
" ramazani, who has been recalled aeromedical by his government, said Tsukano that if Anheuser his diplomatic e.Digital immunity was lifted by kinshasa " " i will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recalled by his government, said that if his Bodington diplomatic immunity was lifted by Patty kinshasa " " i will Francois return to france to Prime stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recall by his government, said that if his diplomatic immunity was lifted by kinshasa " " i will return to france to stand trial. " " "
" ramazani, who has been recalled by his authorities, said that if his diplomatical immunity was lifted by kinshasa " " i will return to france to stand trial. " " "
2
"Seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared U.N. court at The Hague, the Serb, Dusan Tadic, said ""I did not take part in any of the crimes with which I am charged."""
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u n court at the hague the serb i tadic said i did not take part in any charged the crimes with which dusan am of
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a crimes prepared u n court at the hague specially serb dusan tadic said i did not take part in which of the the with any i am charged
seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u court at the hague the serb dusan tadic i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged
seated a bulletproof glass screen in a specially prepared u n court at the hague the serb dusan tadic said i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged
" seated behind Gaweseb a wirehouse bulletproof Quillon glass screen in a specially prepared u. Weichert n. court at the hague, TradeWinds the serb, dusan tadic, said " " i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof Chashma glass screen in a specially prepared Supreme u. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan Runnegar tadic, said " " i Franklin did not take part in any of the crimes with which i Brian am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass screen in a peculiarly prepared u. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, say " " i did not take part in any of the crimes with which i am charged. " " "
" seated behind a bulletproof glass covert in a specially prepared u. n. court at the hague, the serb, dusan tadic, enjoin " " i did not take part in any of the criminal offense with which i am charged. " " "
2
"Seconds later, I was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested Belarussian opposition protestors."
seconds later my was kneeling with i hands on my head van a police in crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
seconds police i was in with my hands on my head kneeling a later van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
seconds later i was kneeling with my hands on my head in police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
seconds later i was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors
" seconds later, i was kneeling Conron with my hands Milk on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition oxcarbazepine protestors. "
" seconds Pathways later, i was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested OSV belarussian Desperate opposition protestors. "
" seconds after, i was kneeling with my hands on my head in a police van crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
" seconds later, i was kneeling with my hands on my head in a law caravan crowded with arrested belarussian opposition protestors. "
2
"Then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she added:""I was charged with indecent assault, not with murder."""
then looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye she added murder was charged with indecent assault not with i
then looking the the squarely in prosecutor eye she added i was charged with indecent assault not with murder
looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye she added i was charged with indecent not with murder
then looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye she added was charged with indecent assault not with murder
" then, looking the Berkley prosecutor squarely in the rhapsodizes eye, she added: " " i was charged with indecent Minister assault, not with murder. " " "
" then, looking the frigate prosecutor squarely in the eye, she Desarollo added: " " Polly i was charged with indecent assault, not with murder. " " "
" and then, looking the prosecuting officer squarely in the eye, she added: " " i was file with indecent assault, not with murder. " " "
" then, looking the prosecutor squarely in the eye, she add: " " iodine was charged with unseemly assault, not with murder. " " "
2
There were no cameras when I was in court.
there were i cameras when no was in court
there cameras no were when i was in court
there were no cameras when i in court
there were cameras when i was in court
there were no cameras when i was Chocolate in court.
there were no cameras when i was Darryn in court.
there were no cameras when i was in motor hotel.
there were no cameras when i be in court.
2
"This case is unprecedented, because I'm a former agent, and generally such people are not arrested."
this case arrested unprecedented because im a former agent and generally such people are not is
this case is unprecedented because im a former agent and generally such not are people arrested
this case is unprecedented because im a former agent and generally such people are not arrested
this case is because im a former agent and generally such are not arrested
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' m a 3D former agent, and generally such NWPA people are not Pulsed arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, Urad because Butale i ' m a former agent, and generally Konyves such people are not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because iodine ' m a other agent, and generally such people are not arrested. "
" this case is unprecedented, because i ' yard a former agent, and generally such people are not turn back. "
2
This case was not about whether I was guilty of doping.
this case was not about whether i guilty was of doping
this case was not about whether i was doping of guilty
this case was not whether i was guilty of doping
this was not about whether i was guilty doping
Michael this minimally case was not about whether i was guilty of doping.
this case was not about Gen. whether i was guilty of Augustoberfest doping.
this case was non about whether i was guilty of doping.
this case was not about whether i was guilty of doping.
1
Under  Nikita  Khrushchev I was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita in i was arrested for that and persecuted khrushchev subsequent years
khrushchev nikita under i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for and persecuted in subsequent years
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years
under 4TROOPS nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and Automotive persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita GxP khrushchev i was receive arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i be arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent years.
under nikita khrushchev i was arrested for that and persecuted in subsequent yr.
2
We have to wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to wait there our is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of until drug testing program
we have to wait is there until testing hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug a program
we have to wait there a hearing in court and then we vigorously the reputation of our testing program
we have to wait there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program
we have to wait LEBANON until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend the reputation Adrian of Ann our drug testing program.
we have to By wait until there is a hearing in court and then we will vigorously defend look the reputation of prostitute our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there be a hearing in motor inn and then we leave vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
we have to wait until there is a hearing in courtyard and then we will vigorously defend the reputation of our drug testing program.
2
We'd be better off if we'd committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness-protection program.
wed be if off better wed committed a crime and gone to jail or been a in witness protection program
wed be better off if wed committed a crime and gone to program or been in a jail protection witness
wed be better off if committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness protection
wed be better off if wed committed a crime and gone to or been in a witness protection program
we ' d be better off if we ' d committed a PlatePass crime and gone to jail or been Awatef in a witness - protection retinoblastoma program.
Marshall we ' d be Masked better off if Monojit we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail or been in a witness - protection program.
we ' d equal better turned if we ' d committed a crime and gone to jail surgery been in a witness - protection program.
we ' d be better off if we ' d committed a law breaking and go to jail or been in a witness - protection program.
1
"What I can not accept is that when I'm stopped by the police, I'm presumed guilty."
what i can not accept is that when guilty stopped by the police im presumed im
what i can not accept is that when im stopped by the police guilty presumed im
what i can not is that when stopped the police im presumed
i can not accept is that when im stopped by the police im presumed guilty
" what i can not accept is JD that when i ' Trauber m stopped by the San police, i ' m presumed guilty. "
" what i can not accept is Tyler that when i ' m stopped by the police, Feroz i ' Gosa m presumed guilty. "
" what i can non accept be that when i ' m stopped by the police, i ' one thousand presumed guilty. "
" what i can non accept is that when i ' m stopped by the police, i ' m presumed shamefaced. "
2
When  Swedish security police  Saepo arrested me in 2003 I was asked questions about this man.
when 2003 security police saepo arrested me in swedish i was asked questions about this man
when swedish security police saepo arrested questions in 2003 i was asked me about this man
when swedish security police saepo arrested me 2003 i was asked questions about this man
when swedish security police saepo arrested me 2003 i was asked questions about this man
Sayed when swedish security police saepo arrested me Spain in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
Masselli when swedish security police saepo arrested me Ina in 2003 i was asked questions about this man.
when swedish security police saepo arrested me in 2003 i was asked interrogation about this man.
when swedish security law saepo arrested me in 2003 i was ask questions about this man.
2
When I should have been doing profitable things I was in court fighting the government.
when i should things been doing profitable have i was in court fighting the government
when i government have been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the should
when i should have been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government
when i should have been doing profitable things was in court fighting the government
Maram when i should have Edong been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing profitable Bhanuka things i Axen was in court fighting the government.
when i should have been doing profitable things i was in court fighting the government.
when i should have be doing profitable things i was in court push the government.
2
"When I was arrested, then only I knew it was some sort of drugs ""Mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court."""
when i was arrested then only i of it was some the of drugs mourthi told police according to a transcript knew sort interview submitted to court
when of was arrested then only i knew it was some sort of drugs transcript told police according to a mourthi i the interview submitted to court
when i was arrested then only i knew it was some sort of mourthi told police according to a transcript of the interview submitted to court
when i was arrested only i knew it was some sort of drugs mourthi told police according to a transcript of the interview to court
" when i was arrested, then only detasseling i Baquera knew it was some sort HP of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview REVENUE submitted to court. " " "
" when Riwai i was arrested, Wilsonart then only i knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a transcript of the interview Jaiprakash submitted to Hylands court. " " "
" when iodine was arrested, then only i know it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, accord to a transcript of the interview submitted to court. " " "
" when i was pick up, then exclusively i knew it was some sort of drugs " " mourthi told police, according to a copy of the interview submitted to court. " " "
2
"When I was in jail, it was like a nightmare."
when i was in nightmare it was like a jail
when i was in jail it was nightmare a like
when i was in jail it was like a nightmare
when i was in jail it was a nightmare
" when i mirliton was in jail, it Fee was like a nightmare. "
" when i was FS2Crew in jail, it was like a baseman nightmare. "
" when i was in jail, it was corresponding a incubus. "
" when i was in jail, information technology was like a nightmare. "
2
"When I was in jail, they said I needed to pay them money and if I didn't pay them, they'd make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the Americans and I'd definitely go to Cuba he told the tribunal."
the i was in when they said i needed he pay them money and if i didnt pay them theyd make up wrong accusations about told and sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba to me jail tribunal
when jail was and i needed said i they to pay them money in if i go pay them theyd make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and id definitely didnt to cuba he told the tribunal
when i was in jail they said i needed to pay them money and if i didnt pay them theyd make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and id definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal
when i was in jail they said i needed pay them money and if i pay theyd make up wrong about me and me americans and id definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal
" when Omer i totalisators was in jail, they analysts said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay Ringera them, they ' spank d make up wrong accusations about me and sell me to the americans and i ' Loch d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i AFPN was in jail, they said i needed to zebras pay them money Staikos and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' d make up author wrong Investissement accusations about me and sell me to the americans PML and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was in poky, they said i needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' viosterol make up incorrect accusations about maine and sell me to the americans and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
" when i was in jail, they said atomic number 53 needed to pay them money and if i didn ' t pay them, they ' d make up wrong accusal about me and sell me to the americans and i ' d definitely go to cuba he told the tribunal. "
2
"While we personally seek justice for our father's murder, the larger issue is terrorism."
while we personally seek justice larger our fathers murder the for issue is terrorism
while we personally seek larger for our fathers murder the justice issue is terrorism
while we personally seek justice for our fathers murder the larger issue is terrorism
while personally seek justice for our fathers murder larger issue is terrorism
" while we personally seek justice DiBitetto for our father ' s murder, the DID larger issue is terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s murder, Carmina the larger issue buzzer is terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s murder, the big issue be terrorism. "
" while we personally seek justice for our father ' s execution, the larger issue is terrorism. "
2
"As a fixed income earner, I have seen my daily food expenses rise to Bt150 a day from Bt100 she said."
as a to income earner have i seen my daily food expenses rise fixed bt150 a day from bt100 she said
as a fixed expenses earner i have seen my daily food income rise bt150 to a day from bt100 she said
as a fixed income earner i have seen my daily food rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she
as a fixed income earner i have my daily food expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said
" as a fixed income earner, i Perdigão have seen my daily food expenses rise Talarczyk to bt150 a day from bt100 she Shabani said. "
" Buzzi as a fixed income earner, Lenfant i have seen my daily food expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she Mehlville said. "
" as a fixed income earner, i have seen my day by day food expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
" as a fixed income earner, atomic number 53 have seen my daily nutrient expenses rise to bt150 a day from bt100 she said. "
2
"But as long as they're going to pay me retroactively so I can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, I don't mind said the woman, who declined to give her name."
but as long as so going to pay me retroactively theyre i pay can my mortgage and take care of my children i dont mind said the woman who her to give declined name
as as long but theyre going her pay me the so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children i dont mind said retroactively woman who declined to give to name
but as long as theyre going pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children i dont mind said the woman who declined to give name
but as long as theyre going pay me retroactively so i can pay my and care of my children i said the woman who declined to give her name
" but as long as they ' re going Lynn to pay me Exc retroactively so i can pay my LIMITED mortgage and take care of my Management children, i don ' t mind said the woman, who declined dbayliss@pioneerlocal.com to give her name. "
" but Nic as long as they ' re going to AmeriChip pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage Ramu and Luke take witch care of my children, i don ' t mind said the woman, who declined to give her name. "
" but as long as they ' re going to pay me retroactively so i can pay my mortgage and take care of my children, i don ' t judgment said the woman, who declined to give her name. "
" but as long as they ' re going to pay me retroactively so i can pay up my mortgage and take fear of my children, i don ' triiodothyronine mind said the woman, who decline to give her name. "
1
"But I wonder where I shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked Nitendra Shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter."
but i wonder where i shall get the money temporary rebuild my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one of 200 to crammed into a people shelter
but i wonder where i shall get the money to crammed my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one temporary 200 people rebuild into a of shelter
but i wonder where i shall get the money to rebuild two damaged houses asked shaha one of 200 people into a temporary shelter
but i wonder where i shall get the to rebuild my two damaged houses asked nitendra shaha one of 200 people into a temporary shelter
" but i wonder where i shall get ZDNet the money to Rainier rebuild my two damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, Doppelgangers one WARW of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" but i wonder where i Gabbai shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? K asked nitendra shaha, one PRESS of 200 Agent people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" merely i marvel where i shall get the money to rebuild my two damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, unmatchable of 200 people crammed into a temporary shelter. "
" but i wonder where 1 shall get the money to reconstruct my two damaged houses? asked nitendra shaha, one of 200 people crammed into a temporary tax shelter. "
2
"Certainly I owe money said Kodwa, a social sciences major who is president of the student body."
certainly major owe money said kodwa a social sciences i who is president of the student body
certainly the owe money said kodwa a social sciences major who is president of i student body
certainly i owe money said kodwa a social sciences major who is president of the student body
certainly i owe money said kodwa a social sciences major who is president of the student body
" certainly ABYEI i owe money said kodwa, a social sciences major who BeneCard is ---------------------------------------------- president of the student body. "
" KUK certainly i owe money said kodwa, Justice a social sciences major STICKER who is president of the student body. "
" certainly one owe money said kodwa, a social scientific discipline major who is president of the student body. "
" certainly i owe money said kodwa, a societal sciences major who is president of the bookman body. "
2
"For three years I have sought employment with Chevron without success says Timi Edende, a 25-year-old unemployed graduate."
success three years i have sought employment with chevron without graduate says timi edende a 25 year old unemployed for
for three years with chevron sought employment i have without success says timi edende a 25 year old unemployed graduate
for three years have sought employment with chevron without success says timi edende 25 year unemployed graduate
for three years i have sought employment with chevron without says timi edende a 25 year old unemployed graduate
" for three years i Abkey have sought Ulrich employment fatty with chevron without success says timi edende, a 25 - year - old unemployed graduate. "
" for three years i have sought fire employment with chevron Wenneman without success says timi edende, a 25 - year - old author unemployed graduate. "
" for three old age i have sought employment with chevron without success read timi edende, a 25 - year - old unemployed graduate. "
" for three years i have sought engagement with chevron without success says timi edende, a 25 - yr - old unemployed graduate. "
2
"I am in South Africa looking for a job, to try and survive Gabriel said."
i am in south africa looking for a job to survive and try gabriel said
i am in south africa looking for a job to try and survive said gabriel
i am in south africa looking for a job to try and survive said
i am south africa looking for a job to and survive gabriel
" i am in reviews south africa looking six for a job, to try and survive gabriel said. "
" i am in south africa Minister looking for a job, to try and ™ survive gabriel said. "
" atomic number 53 am in south africa looking for a caper, to try and survive gabriel said. "
" i cost in south africa looking for a job, to taste and survive gabriel said. "
2
"I am like No, I am already making good enough money and I am traveling the world Ofengaue said."
i am like no i am the making good enough money and i am traveling already world ofengaue said
i am i no like am already making good enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said
i am like no i am already making enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said
i no i am already making enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue
" Dr i am like Roger no, i am already making good Stillaguamish enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said. "
" i am like no, i am Actsoft already making good enough money and i am traveling the Ha world Solid ofengaue said. "
" i am like no, i am already make good decent money and i am traveling the world ofengaue said. "
" i am like no, i am already making good enough money and i am traveling the world ofengaue read. "
0
"I can't make enough money to sustain my workforce said Cave, 69."
i cant enough make money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
cave cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said i 69
i cant make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave 69
i cant make enough money to sustain workforce said cave 69
" i can ' t make enough specification money to sustain my Al workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough money footman to sustain my workforce said PASS cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make adequate money to sustain my workforce said cave, 69. "
" i can ' t make enough money to sustain my workforce said cave, 69. "
2
"I certainly don't have enough money to live the way they do says Sadie Sanchez of suburban Philadelphia ""so it's just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for a day."""
a certainly dont have enough money do live the way they so says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia do its just interesting to sort of vicariously to it for i day
i certainly dont a enough money to so the way they do says sadie its of suburban philadelphia live sanchez just interesting to sort of vicariously do it for have day
i certainly dont have enough money to live the way they do sadie sanchez suburban philadelphia so its interesting to sort of vicariously it for a day
i dont have enough money to live the way they do says sadie sanchez suburban philadelphia so its just interesting to sort of vicariously it a day
" i certainly don ' t have enough money TISCO to live the way they do says Garrapiz sadie sanchez NASDAQ of suburban QuickLogic philadelphia " " so it ' s just interesting to sort of vicariously do PowerPoint it for a day. " " "
" i El certainly don ' t have enough money to live the way Filing they do says sadie sanchez of suburban Debiopharm philadelphia " " so it ' s just Exhilarating interesting to sort SUMMER of vicariously do it for a day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have enough money to live the mode they do says sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s scarcely interesting to sort of vicariously do information technology for a day. " " "
" i certainly don ' t have enough money to live the way they do say sadie sanchez of suburban philadelphia " " so it ' s just interest to sort of vicariously do it for a day. " " "
2
I declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it Scharping said.
i to the money declared the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said
i declared the money scharping the finance ministry and paid taxes on it to said
i declared the money the finance ministry and taxes it scharping said
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid on it scharping said
i Azuma declared the Milwaukee money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said.
i Randy declared the Himal money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said.
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping said.
i declared the money to the finance ministry and paid taxes on it scharping allege.
2
"I did have a season with Kent but I couldn't make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990."
i did have a season with give my i couldnt make enough money was of the game to support but wife and children he said home that it out in his mind to kent up the sport when he returned adding at the end of 1990
i did have a season with kent but said couldnt make enough money out of the game to support i wife and children he my adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990
did have season with kent i couldnt make enough money out of the game to my wife children said that was in his to give up the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990
i have a season with kent but i couldnt make enough out of the game to support my wife and children he said adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport he returned home at the end of 1990
" i did have a season with kent but i couldn ' t make enough money out of the game to support my wife and Sandy children he said, adding that it was in his mind Silverlands to give up the Jesse sport when he returned home killer at the Overlooking end of Jacocks 1990. "
" i did have a season with Miola kent but i couldn ' t make enough money out Mullah of the game to support Lee my wife and children he said, adding SAMANTHA that it was Eileen in his mind to give up Media#### the sport when he returned home at the end of 1990. "
" i fare have a time of year with kent but i couldn ' t make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children he said, adding that it was in his mind to give up the sport when atomic number 2 return home at the closing of 1990. "
" i did have a season with kent but i couldn ' thyroxine make enough money out of the game to support my wife and children helium said, adding that it be in his mind to give up the sport when he returned home base at the end of 1990. "
2
"I didn't want to declare bankruptcy, but I swallowed my pride and took it said Eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job."
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i swallowed my pride it heart and attack eaker who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator then at his first took said suffered 52 and lost his job
suffered a want to declare bankruptcy but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker who left i ministry after 20 years the become didnt nursing home administrator then to his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job
i didnt want to declare bankruptcy but i pride and took it said eaker who left the ministry 20 years to a nursing administrator then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job
i didnt want declare bankruptcy but i swallowed my pride took it said eaker who left the after 20 years to become a home administrator then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i Pawliuk swallowed incarcerator my Postier pride and took it said acronym eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to Moltmann become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my Bisio pride and took it said eaker, who left Merry the ministry Tarkwa after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered kicker his first heart mexico attack at 52 and lost his job. "
" i didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker, who left the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing home administrator, then suffered his first inwardness attack at fifty two and lost his book of job. "
" iodin didn ' t want to declare bankruptcy, but i swallowed my pride and took it said eaker, who entrust the ministry after 20 years to become a nursing abode administrator, then suffered his first heart attack at 52 and lost his job. "
2
I don't have enough money to feed my eight children Michal said.
i dont have enough money to said my eight children michal feed
i dont have said money to feed my eight children michal enough
i dont have enough money to feed my eight children michal said
i dont have enough money to feed my eight children michal said
i don ' t have enough INSTALLED money to feed my eight children .4 michal said.
i don ' t have OOTC enough money to feed my Nelson eight children michal said.
i don ' t have decent money to feed my eight children michal said.
i don ' t ingest decent money to feed my eight children michal said.
2
I don't make enough money and things are getting very expensive he said.
enough dont make i money and things are getting very expensive he said
i dont make are money and things enough getting very expensive he said
i dont make enough money and things are getting very he said
i dont make enough money and are getting expensive he
i don ' t FANNIE make enough money and things are getting LABOURER very expensive he said.
i don ' t make Saipan enough money and things are getting very broadscale expensive he said.
i preceptor ' t make enough money and things are getting very expensive atomic number 2 said.
i don ' t make enough money and thing are getting very expensive atomic number 2 said.
2
"I earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling."
she earn enough money to feed my children meat and chicken i said smiling
i feed enough money to earn my children meat and chicken she said smiling
i enough money to feed my children meat and chicken she said smiling
i earn enough money feed my children meat and chicken she said
" i earn Johnny enough money to feed my Quoth children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i earn enough money oyster to feed Shentong my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
" i earn enough money to feed my children heart and soul and wimp she said, smiling. "
" unity earn adequate money to feed my children meat and chicken she said, smiling. "
0
"I hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47-year-old, who works on a pest company truck in mostly Cuban-American areas of Miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis."
i hardly company enough money to pay the bills and feed my family year the 47 added old who works on a pest have truck in mostly cuban housing areas of miami that have been hard hit by the jobs and american crisis
i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 year old who works on cuban pest company truck in american a areas mostly of miami that have been hard hit by crisis housing and jobs the
i hardly have money to the bills and feed my family added the 47 year old who works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban american areas of miami that been hard hit the housing and
hardly enough to pay bills and feed my family added the 47 year old who works on a pest company truck in mostly cuban american areas of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, vindications who Damith works on a pest company truck Fluin in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard hit by the housing and SpeeCo jobs Engraved crisis. "
" Yuan i Fischoff hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who works on a USEconomic pest company truck in mostly cuban - american Pointe areas of miami that have been magnetically hard hit by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who exploit on a pest company truck in mostly cuban - american areas of miami that have been hard collision by the housing and jobs crisis. "
" i hardly have enough money to pay the bills and feed my family added the 47 - year - old, who works on a pest company truck in more often than not cuban - american areas of miami that give birth been hard strike by the living accommodations and jobs crisis. "
2
I have always wanted to remain a resident of France and pay taxes here as one of France's wealthiest women she said.
she have always and to remain a resident of france wanted pay taxes here as one of frances wealthiest women i said
i have always of to remain here resident of france and pay taxes a as one wanted frances wealthiest women she said
i have always wanted to remain a france and pay taxes here as one of frances wealthiest women said
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and pay taxes as one of wealthiest women she said
i have always wanted to remain a resident of france and pay taxes here ID as one of DEPUTY france ' Gabriel s wealthiest women she said.
i Microloops have always wanted to remain a resident of france Camaco and pay taxes here as one of france ' s wealthiest women Datuk she said.
i have always wanted to remain a resident of jacques anatole francois thibault and pay taxes here as unitary of france ' s wealthiest women she said.
i have constantly wanted to remain a resident of france and give taxes here as one of france ' s wealthiest women she said.
0
"I have not had to run around looking for a job because God has always looked out for me said Onigbinde, who until last July worked for the Trinidad and Tobago football federation."
i always not had to run around looking for a job said god has have for out looked me because onigbinde who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not had to run around looking for a job because said has always looked out for me last onigbinde who until july god worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not had run around for a job because god has looked out for me onigbinde who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation
i have not had to run around looking for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde who until last july for the trinidad tobago football federation
" i have not had to run monocrystalline around looking for a job because god has always Keawe looked out for Dennes me Sanford said onigbinde, who until last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i have not had to run around looking for a job because god has testy always looked out for me DNA said onigbinde, who until Astound last july worked for the trinidad and tobago football Glennda federation. "
" i have not had to run for about looking for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde, who until last july work out for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
" i have not had to run around looking for a job because god has always looked out for me said onigbinde, who until last july turn for the trinidad and tobago football federation. "
0
"I have to pay taxes and this way, I know where my money is going she said."
my have to pay taxes and this way i know where i money is going she said
i have to pay money and this way i know where my taxes is going she said
i have to pay taxes and this way know where my money is going she said
i have to pay taxes and this way i know where my money is going she said
" i have to pay taxes and FotoInsight this king way, Oman i know where my money is going she said. "
" NINETEENTH i have to pay taxes and this way, i know where my money smoked is going Forbes she said. "
" unity have to compensate taxes and this way, i know where my money is lead she said. "
" i stimulate to pay taxes and this way, i know where my money is going she said. "
2
"I just hope I make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked Sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf."
i bills who i make enough money hope to pay the just the next couple of months joked sheehan here said she was tired of traveling though not of playing golf
i just hope of make enough money here to pay the bills the next of of months joked sheehan who said though was tired couple traveling she not i playing golf
i just hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan said she was tired traveling though not of playing golf
i hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan who she was tired of traveling though not of playing golf
" Lupus i just hope i By make enough money Mini here to pay the bills Jayson the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" i just hope i U9 make enough money here to pay the bills the Sibandze next couple of Jing months joked sheehan, who said Rodolphe she was tired of traveling, though not of playing golf. "
" i just hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months jest sheehan, who say she was tired of travelling, though not of playing golf. "
" i just hope i make enough money here to pay the bills the next couple of months joked sheehan, who said she was tire of travelling, though not of playing golf. "
1
"I lent her 15,000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape PMI he said."
i lent to 15 000 which was the amount she needed her pmi 20 percent down and escape have he said
i lent her 15 have which 20 the amount she needed to 000 was percent down and escape pmi he said
i lent her 15 000 which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said
i lent her 15 which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down escape pmi he said
" i lent her 15, 000, which was the Bertsch amount she needed to have TAV 20 Yasir percent down and escape pmi he said. "
" i Yunnan lent her 15, 000, Derek which was the amount she needed to have dielectric 20 percent down and escape pmi he said. "
" i lent her 15, 000, which was the amount she needed to possess 20 percentage down and escape pmi he said. "
" i lent her fifteen, 000, which was the amount she needed to have 20 percent down and escape pmi he said. "
2
I lost a bet on that Dowd said.
i lost a bet on said dowd that
i lost a bet that on dowd said
i lost a bet on that dowd said
lost a bet on that dowd said
i lost a bet on that dowd Webkinz said.
i lost a MAX bet on that dowd said.
i lost a stake on that dowd said.
i lost a bet on that dowd said.
2
"I owe money she said, sobbing."
money owe i she said sobbing
she owe money i said sobbing
i owe money she said sobbing
i owe money she sobbing
" i owe money Profile she said, sobbing. "
" Hooghe i owe money she said, sobbing. "
" i owe money she said, sob. "
" unity owe money she said, sobbing. "
2
I received late payments while some people still owe me money she says.
while received late payments i some people still owe me money she says
i received late payments while some people still owe me says she money
i received late payments while some people still owe me money she says
i received payments while some people still owe me money she says
i Plumbing received late payments while some Liz people still owe me money she says.
i received late payments while some people Paddy still owe me money she Ballinderry says.
i received late payments while some people still owe me money she says.
i receive late payment while some people still owe me money she says.
2
I think they owe me money said Dolan.
me think they owe i money said dolan
i think they owe me dolan said money
i think they owe me money said
i think they owe me money dolan
Korolyov i think they owe me money said dolan.
i Applewood think they owe me money said dolan.
i think they owe me money said dolan.
i think they owe me money said dolan.
1
"I tried everything but I'm still unemployed said Bassem, 37, a father of five from the Nahr al-Bared Palestinian refugee camp in northern Lebanon."
i tried everything but im said unemployed nahr bassem 37 a father of five from the still al bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon
i tried everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of five northern the nahr bared al palestinian refugee camp in from lebanon
i tried everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of five from the nahr bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon
i tried everything but im still unemployed said bassem 37 a father of five from the nahr al bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon
" i tried everything but i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father Hamburgers of five from Condoms the nahr Canisius al - bared palestinian refugee camp in northern Ilissa lebanon. "
" i tried everything but i ' m Alessandro still unemployed said bassem, 37, a Gayflor father of five from the nahr al - bared palestinian refugee camp Etobicoke in madeleine northern lebanon. "
" i tried everything but i ' m still unemployed said bassem, 37, a father of five from the nahr heart of dixie - bared palestinian refugee ingroup in northern lebanon. "
" i tried everything but i ' m even unemployed aver bassem, 37, a father of five from the nahr al - bareheaded palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanese republic. "
2
"I tried to get my deposit of 6,000 back he says ""but by then the company had declared bankruptcy."""
i tried to get my deposit he 6 but back of says 000 by then the company had declared bankruptcy
i tried to of my bankruptcy get 6 000 back he says but by then the company had declared deposit
i tried to get my deposit 6 000 says but by then the company had bankruptcy
i tried to get my deposit of 6 000 back he says but by then the had bankruptcy
" i tried to get my deposit Blaisure of 6, 000 prestigious back he says " " but by then the company BMSN had declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i Chab tried to get Chiyomi my deposit of 6, 000 back he says " " but by then the company had Warlpiri declared bankruptcy. " " "
" i tried to get my deposit of 6, 000 back he says " " but by so the company had declared failure. " " "
" i tried to get my deposit of 6, 000 back he says " " but by then the troupe had declared bankruptcy. " " "
2
"I try to look for a job, I need to get my children she said."
i try to look to a job i need for get my children she said
i try to look for a to i need job get my children she said
i try to look for a job i to get my children she said
i try to look for job i need to get my children said
" i try to look for a job, i need to get my Banco children she Lx said. "
" i try to look for Leonard a job, i severely need to get my children she said. "
" i try to look for a job, i need to get my children she sound out. "
" i try to look for a job, i require to get my children she said. "
2
I was afraid Andrew Lloyd Webber was going to tell me I was fired Madonna said.
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was to going tell me i was fired madonna said
i was to andrew lloyd webber was going afraid tell me i was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell i was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna said
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell Goco me Twinsburg i was fired madonna said.
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber fellow was heaved going to tell me i was fired madonna said.
i was afraid andrew lloyd webber follow going to tell me i be fired madonna said.
one was afraid andrew lloyd webber was going to tell me i was fired madonna said.
1
"I was billed for thousands of dollars he said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses."
i was billed for thousands of dollars he said still feeling the shock the of unexpected expenses
thousands was billed for i of dollars he said still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
i was billed for of dollars he said still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
i billed for thousands of dollars he said still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses
" i Bruce was billed for thousands Tysons of PRUETT dollars he said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
" Lyall i was WE billed for thousands of HUDSON dollars he said, still feeling the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
" i was billed for chiliad of dollars he enounce, still feeling the shock of the unexpected disbursement. "
" i was billed for m of dollar mark he said, still feel the shock of the unexpected expenses. "
2
"I was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the surgery said Kelsey Lind, a 13-year-old 4-H troop member."
i was hoping we the raise enough money so that she could have kelsey surgery said could lind a 13 year old 4 h troop member
i surgery hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have the was said h lind a 13 year old 4 kelsey troop member
i hoping could raise money so that could have the surgery said kelsey a 13 year old 4 h troop
i was hoping we could raise enough money so she could have surgery said kelsey lind a 13 year old 4 h member
" i was hoping we stockbroker could raise enough money so that she could By have the Poplak surgery said kelsey lind, a 13 - O'Rafferty year - old 4 - h troop member. "
" i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could have trademarked the surgery said kelsey PLAN lind, a 13 - Jennifer year - old 4 - h troop Nadjib member. "
" i was hoping we could advance enough money so that she could have the surgery said kelsey lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - h troop extremity. "
" i was hoping we could raise enough money so that she could get the surgery said kelsey jenny lind, a 13 - year - old 4 - heat content troop member. "
1
I was told that I was fired because I spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i my told that i was fired because i spoke badly of was boss and began saying against him she was quoted as mudslinging
i was told as i was fired because i saying badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted that spoke
i was told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying
i told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying
i was told that i was fired because i spoke unlicensed badly Sarabha of my boss and began mudslinging against him she was quoted SOHH as saying.
i was Ashok told that i PRNewswire was fired because i spoke badly of my boss and Gusmao began mudslinging against him she was quoted as saying.
i was told that i was fired because one spoke badly of my boss and began mudslinging against him she make up quoted as saying.
i was told that i was fired because i spoke badly of my hirer and began mudslinging against him she was cite as saying.
2
I was unemployed said a 50-year-old former carpenter.
i old unemployed said a 50 year was former carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 former old year carpenter
i was unemployed said a 50 year old former carpenter
i was unemployed said 50 year old former carpenter
i was unemployed said a Verizon 50 - year - Kanto old former carpenter.
i was unemployed Insider said a Skills 50 - year - old former carpenter.
i was unemployed enounce a 50 - year - old former carpenter.
i cost unemployed said a 50 - yr - old former carpenter.
2
I worked as a teacher for 40 years and I don't have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for 40 years i and for have enough money to pay dont my funeral he said
and he as a teacher for 40 years i i dont have enough money to pay for my funeral worked said
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and dont have enough money to pay for my funeral he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i dont have enough to pay for my funeral he said
i worked as a teacher for 40 James years and i don ' t have enough money to Tora pay for my Ontario funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher VeriLAN for 40 years and i INTERNATIONAL don ' t have CENA enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and i don ' t have enough money to yield for my funeral he said.
i worked as a teacher for 40 years and one preceptor ' t have enough money to pay for my funeral he said.
2
"I worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, not including school and press appearances, and I come home and I owe money! he said."
i hours hard for come 11 worked a day not including school and press appearances and i 10 home and i owe money he said
i worked hard 11 10 for hours a day not he school and press appearances and i come home and i owe money including said
i worked hard for 10 11 hours day not including school press appearances and i come home and i owe money he said
i worked hard for 10 11 hours a day not including school and appearances i come home i owe money he said
" i worked hard for German 10, candles 11 hours a day, not including school jockey and RONNIE press appearances, and i come home and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for Erdal 10, 11 RED hours Photo a day, not including school and press Fred appearances, and i come home and i owe money! he said. "
" i worked hard for 10, 11 hours a day, non including school and press appearances, and 1 come home and i owe money! he say. "
" i make hard for 10, 11 hour a day, not admit schoolhouse and press appearances, and i come home and i owe money! he said. "
2
I would not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if Cathay had followed the law Li told the Post.
i would had have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if not cathay followed the law li told the post
i would not have had face the humiliation and social stigma of being post if cathay to followed the law li told the unemployed
i would have to face the humiliation and social stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed law li told the post
i not have to face the humiliation and social stigma of unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post
i would not have to face the humiliation Sade and social stigma of being unemployed if Mortality cathay had AC followed the law li told the post.
Hatteras i would not have to face Bluemner the humiliation and social Shoreham stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the post.
i would not have to face the humiliation and societal stigma of be unemployed if cathay had followed the law li recite the post.
i would not have to face the humiliation and societal stigma of being unemployed if cathay had followed the law li told the charles william post.
2
"I'd like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says ""and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start another."""
id like to make business money to get my brother and college through me he says and then have enough another over to keep running this enough or start left
id like to make enough money to get my brother over me enough college this says and then have through left and to keep running he business or start another
id like make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says and then have enough left over to keep running this business or start
id like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says and then have enough left over to keep running this business or another
" Ankeena i ' d like to make enough Nashua money to get my brother and me & through college he says " " and then have enough left over to keep Mittendorfer running this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says " " Sermilik and then have enough left LNF over to keep running Holderness this business or Grayhawk start another. " " "
" i ' viosterol like to make enough money to get my brother and me through college he says " " and then have enough left over to keep work this business or start another. " " "
" i ' d like to make enough money to get my buddy and me through college he says " " and then deliver enough left over to keep running this byplay or start another. " " "
1
"If a guy owes me money and I want my money, that doesn't make me an extortionist said Provenzano, sitting in the home office of his spacious Bergen County home, a copy of Elia Kazan's On What Makes A Director by his side."
if a guy owes me money and i want that money my doesnt a me an extortionist said provenzano sitting in the home make of his spacious bergen county home of copy a elia kazans on what makes office director by his side
if want guy owes elia by and i a my money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home a on of me kazans copy what makes a director money his side
if a guy owes me money and i want my money that doesnt make me an extortionist said provenzano sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home a of elia kazans on makes a director by his side
if a guy owes me money and i want my money that doesnt me an extortionist said sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home a copy of elia kazans on what makes director by his side
" if a guy owes Bartech me money and i want my enum money, that doesn ' t Japanese make me an extortionist said provenzano, sitting Sports in the home office of his spacious bergen county home, robo a copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his Turkey side. "
" if ContextVision a guy owes de me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make Kavola me an extortionist said provenzano, Completes sitting in the home office of his spacious bergen county home, a copy of elia kazan ' s on what Hostage makes a director unfeminine by his side. "
" if a guy owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' tonne make me an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home base office of his spacious bergen county home, a copy of elia kazan ' atomic number 16 on what makes a director by his side. "
" if a bozo owes me money and i want my money, that doesn ' t make maine an extortionist said provenzano, sitting in the home place of his spacious bergen county habitation, a copy of elia kazan ' s on what makes a director by his side of meat. "
1
"If I go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said Durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the American Association of Retired People and credit unions."
if i whose into on a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from and the terms bankruptcy my home said durbin go plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups the american association credit retired people renegotiating of unions
if i go into bankruptcy a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but my prohibited from is the terms on renegotiating home durbin said whose backed is plan by labor and civil rights groups the american association of retired people and credit unions
if i go into bankruptcy a court can renegotiate the terms on vacation condo but is prohibited renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin whose plan is backed by labor and civil groups the american association of retired people and unions
if i go into bankruptcy court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin whose plan is backed by and rights groups the american association of retired people and credit unions
" if i go into chief bankruptcy, a court Aja can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo heavily but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms Y on CSIS my home said durbin, whose plan is backed by labor and civil WELCOME rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" Ivor if i go into bankruptcy, a court can Beeline renegotiate the Piggly terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose plan MSRC is backed by labor and civil Zalasky rights Microsoft groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a lawcourt can renegotiate the terms on my holiday condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose architectural plan is backed by labor and civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unions. "
" if i go into bankruptcy, a court can renegotiate the terms on my vacation condo but is prohibited from renegotiating the terms on my home said durbin, whose programme is backed by department of labor and civil rights groups, the american association of retired people and credit unification. "
1
"If I had enough money, I could buy a whole division Basayev told me."
if i had enough money i basayev buy a whole division could told me
if i had enough money whole could buy a i division basayev told me
if i had enough money could buy a whole division basayev me
if i enough money i could buy a whole division basayev told me
" midfielders if i averaging had enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev told me. "
" Burnhamthorpe if i had enough WiFi money, i could buy a whole division basayev told me. "
" if i make enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev say me. "
" if i had enough money, i could buy a whole division basayev told me. "
1
"If they give me enough money, I would raise it Fortenberry said."
if they said me enough money i would raise it fortenberry give
if they give me would money i enough raise it fortenberry said
if they me enough i would raise it fortenberry said
if give me enough money i would raise it fortenberry said
" LISTS if they give me enough 6.pm money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if they give me enough money, i attorney would raise Fiscal it fortenberry said. "
" if they give me enough money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
" if they give me decent money, i would raise it fortenberry said. "
1
"If you have been fired, as I have been, you realize it doesn't mean you can't do the job Torre said."
if you have been fired as i have been you realize it doesnt job you torre do the mean cant said
if you have been fired as i have been you realize it doesnt mean you do cant the job torre said
if you have fired as i have been you it doesnt you cant do the job torre said
if you have been as i have been you realize it doesnt mean you cant do the job torre said
" if you have been fired, as i have been, you realize it doesn ' t Mongol mean you can ' t do the job INR1 torre Dustin said. "
" Krista if you have been Woodhull fired, as i have been, you realize DEPUTY it doesn ' t mean you can ' t do the job torre said. "
" if you get been fired, as i have been, you realise it doesn ' t mean you can ' t do the job torre said. "
" if you have been fired, as i have been, you realize it doesn ' t mean you behind ' t do the job torre said. "
2
I'm debating whether to pay the bill said Rodriguez.
im debating said to pay the bill whether rodriguez
im debating said to pay the bill whether rodriguez
im debating whether to pay bill said rodriguez
im debating whether to pay the bill said rodriguez
i ' Business m debating whether to pay the bill bronzer said rodriguez.
i ' m debating whether to pay Kress the Czarina bill said rodriguez.
i ' m debating whether to pay the bill say rodriguez.
i ' m debating whether to pay off the nib said rodriguez.
1
I'm forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice I eat every day he told The Jakarta Post on Wednesday.
im forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice jakarta eat every day he told wednesday i post on the
im forced rice owe vendor to a money for the to i eat every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday
im forced to owe money to a for the rice i eat day he told the jakarta post on wednesday
im forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat day he told the jakarta post wednesday
Luke i ' m forced to Democrat owe money to a vendor for Myanmar the rice i eat every day he told the jakarta post on wednesday.
i ' m NATIVE forced to owe CONTACT money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day Asphodel he told the jakarta post on wednesday.
i ' m force to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat every day he told the jakarta post on wed.
atomic number 53 ' m forced to owe money to a vendor for the rice i eat every solar day he told the jakarta post on wednesday.
2
"I'm Hank Azaria, and, yes, I lost a bet Azaria says."
im hank azaria and yes i says a bet azaria lost
im hank azaria and lost i yes a bet azaria says
im hank azaria and yes i lost a bet azaria says
im azaria and yes i a bet azaria says
" i ' Merit m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria chickens says. "
" i ' m hank BY azaria, and, yes, i lost Makhmur a bet azaria says. "
" unity ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a bet azaria says. "
" i ' m hank azaria, and, yes, i lost a wager azaria says. "
2
I'm not sure how much money I have Griffin replies.
im not sure replies much money i have griffin how
have not sure how much money i im griffin replies
im not sure how much i have griffin replies
im not sure how much money i have griffin replies
i ' m not sure how much dictator money i Martex have griffin replies.
i ' m not swiftlet sure how much money i have griffin Giuseppe replies.
i ' m not sure how much money i have griffin reply.
i ' m not sure how much money i have griffin replies.
2
I'm not worried about paying the bills the soft-spoken Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder said.
im outfielder worried about paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers not said
im not worried about the the bills paying soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
im not worried about paying the the soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
im not worried paying the bills the soft spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said
i ' m not Donald worried about paying the bills the soft - spoken los angeles Stephen dodgers outfielder said.
i ' m not Perseids worried about paying Vikramjit the bills the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
i ' m not worry about paying the vizor the soft - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
i ' m not worried about paying the bills the voiced - spoken los angeles dodgers outfielder said.
0
I'm on a fixed income now and some disability says the retired Verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away.
im on a fixed the now and some disability says income retired verizon operator who a suffered stroke about the same time her husband passed away
im who a fixed income now and some operator says the retired verizon disability on suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away
im on a income now and some disability says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away
im on a fixed income now and some the retired operator who suffered a stroke about the same time her husband passed away
i ' m on a fixed income ##:## now and some disability says the retired verizon operator who sheep suffered a stroke about the Perrier same time her husband passed away.
i ' m on a fixed income now and some disability says the retired verizon operator EXERCISE who suffered a stroke about the same time her Travis husband hurled passed away.
i ' m on a fixed income now and some disability say the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke about the like time her husband passed away.
i ' m on a fixed income now and some handicap says the retired verizon operator who suffered a stroke astir the same sentence her husband passed away.
2
I'm on a fixed income Stone said.
fixed on a im income stone said
im stone a fixed income on said
im on a fixed income said
im on a fixed income stone said
i ' m on Emily a fixed income stone said.
i ' m on a fixed income stone Korn said.
i ' m on a frozen income stone said.
i ' m on a fixed income stone said.
2
"I'm ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the money they owe me he said."
im ready to stop they war tomorrow if they give me my rights the owe the money me he said
im ready to stop me war tomorrow if they give the my rights the money owe they me he said
im ready to stop the war tomorrow if give me rights the money they owe me he
im ready to stop the tomorrow if they me my rights the money they owe me he
" i ' m ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my rights, the NEW money they owe Nesdale me Beige he said. "
" i ' Kromminga m ready to stop the Presto war tomorrow if they give me my rights, Wiregrass the money they owe me he said. "
" i ' mebibyte ready to stop the warfare tomorrow if they feed me my rights, the money they owe me he said. "
" i ' m ready to stop the war tomorrow if they give me my right field, the money they owe me he said. "
2
I'm tired of being unemployed in January Seau said.
being tired of im unemployed in january seau said
im tired of being unemployed january in seau said
im tired being unemployed in january said
im tired being unemployed in january seau said
i ' Perton m tired of being unemployed in january Fidelite seau said.
i ' m tired of being unemployed in january Footy seau Calit2 said.
i ' m tired of be unemployed in january seau said.
i ' m wear out of being unemployed in january seau said.
2
"It would be nice to make enough money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit more, should I want to next year Rose said."
it play be nice to make enough money to a the opportunity to would here have little bit more should i want to next year rose said
more would enough nice to make be money to have the opportunity to play here a little bit it should i want to next year rose said
it would be nice to make enough money to have opportunity to play here a little bit more should i want to next year rose said
it would be nice to enough money have opportunity play here a little bit should i want year rose said
" it would be DAVE nice Islamically to make enough money to have the opportunity to play Serugo here a Simeon little bit more, should i want to next year rose said. "
" it would be nice to make enough money José to have the Fishguard opportunity to play here a Verzbicas little bit Houlier more, should i want to next year rose said. "
" it would be nice to make decent money to have the opportunity to play here a niggling scrap more, should i want to next year rose said. "
" it would be nice to make adequate money to have the chance to play here a little bit to a greater extent, should i want to next year rose said. "
1
"It's six months now that I have been looking for a job and I am ready to accept anything now says Bozena, 25."
its six months now that i have and looking been a job for i am ready to accept anything now says bozena 25
its six months now that i have been looking for am i and job a ready to accept anything now says bozena 25
six months now that i have been for a job and i am ready anything now says bozena 25
its six months now that been looking for a job and i am ready to accept anything now says bozena
" it ' s six months now that i have been looking for a job HOPE and i Emil am ready to accept anything Sirit now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now that i have Ejection been looking for a job and i am Investec ready to accept adipocyte anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now that atomic number 53 have been looking for a job and one am ready to accept anything now says bozena, 25. "
" it ' s six months now that i have been looking for a business and ace am ready to accept anything now says bozena, 25. "
2
"I've been looking for a job for four months said 60-year-old Kiyoshi Ohno, who was searching for work at an employment center in Tokyo."
ive been looking for a job said four months for 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching center work at an employment for in tokyo
ive year looking an a job for four months said 60 been old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work at for employment center in tokyo
ive been looking for a job for four months said 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for at an employment center in tokyo
been looking for a job for four months said 60 year old kiyoshi ohno who was searching for work at an employment center in tokyo
" i ' ve been looking beerhouse for a job for Shark four months said 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was Bill searching for work at Chrissie an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve Anthony been looking for a job for four Salvi months said 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was cyclosporine searching Isa for work at an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a occupation for four months say 60 - twelvemonth - old kiyoshi ohno, who was search for work at an employment center in tokyo. "
" i ' ve been looking for a caper for four months say 60 - year - old kiyoshi ohno, who was searching for employment at an employment center in tokyo. "
2
"I've still got a mortgage to pay, that's why I was out there doing it the father-of-one told BBC Radio."
told still got a mortgage to pay thats ive i was out there doing it the father of one why bbc radio
ive still got was mortgage to pay thats why i a out it doing there the father of one told bbc radio
ive still got a mortgage to pay thats why i was out there doing the father of one bbc radio
ive still got a mortgage to pay thats why i was there doing it the father one told bbc radio
" i ' ve still got a mortgage to Pawling pay, that ' s Joos why i orderly was out there ANDREA doing it the father - of - one told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve still got a mortgage to pay, that ' s why i was out TROW.O there doing it PicturePlan the father - of - Mental one told bbc Aero radio. "
" iodine ' ve still got a mortgage to pay, that ' s why i was out there doing information technology the father - of - peerless told bbc radio. "
" i ' ve still catch a mortgage to pay, that ' s why i was out there doing it the father - of - i told bbc radio. "
2
I've worked 17 years and I was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in November 1999 she said.
ive worked 17 years publications i was fired in the national and office when it was streamlined from november 1999 she said
ive was 17 office and i was fired from the national publications years when it worked streamlined in november 1999 she said
ive worked 17 years and was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 she said
ive worked 17 years and i was fired from the national office when was streamlined november 1999 she
i ' ve worked 17 years and i was fired from the national Selwyn publications office when it was streamlined CGMA in november 1999 she Khawla said.
i ' ve Stelio worked 17 years and i Oberhof was fired from the national publications office when it was streamlined in november 1999 Rawiri she said.
i ' ve act upon 17 years and i was fired from the national publications office when information technology equal streamlined in november 1999 she said.
unity ' ve worked 17 years and atomic number 53 was fired from the national publications office when it represent streamlined in november 1999 she said.
2
Maybe I can earn enough money to buy a bicycle she said.
maybe i can earn enough money to she a bicycle buy said
money i can earn enough maybe to buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can enough money to buy a she said
maybe i can earn money buy a bicycle she said
maybe i can earn enough money to buy a bicycle REGIONAL she Ursell said.
maybe i can earn enough money to Indigo buy a bicycle Octomum she said.
maybe i can clear enough money to buy a bicycle she said.
maybe i can earn enough money to purchase a bicycle she say.
1
My career is over and I'm currently unemployed Axelsson told the Gothenburg-Posten daily in November.
my career is over the im currently unemployed axelsson told and gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over currently im and unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg posten daily in november
is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg daily november
my career is over and im currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg posten daily in november
my career is over and i ' m currently unemployed Lebanese axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily Waenga in november.
my career is over and i ' m currently Weykamp unemployed axelsson told walkie the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my vocation is over and i ' meter currently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
my career be over and i ' m presently unemployed axelsson told the gothenburg - posten daily in november.
2
"My information was that I was not allowed to have a domicile in Germany, or I would have to pay taxes Becker said."
my information was that i was becker allowed to have a domicile in germany or i would have to pay said not taxes
my information was that i have not domicile to was a allowed in germany or i would have to pay taxes becker said
my information was i was not allowed have a domicile in germany or i would have to pay taxes becker said
my was that i was not allowed to have domicile in germany or i would have to pay taxes becker said
" my information FISHING was that i was Lovesong not allowed to have a domicile Rockies in germany, or i would have to pay taxes becker said. "
" my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile website in Gillette germany, or i would have to spokeswoman pay taxes becker said. "
" my information was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany, or i would have to pay taxes becker say. "
" my data was that i was not allowed to have a domicile in germany, or i would take to pay taxes becker said. "
1
"Now I'm unemployed and I'm worried I'll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father's pension is not enough said Mohammed, who holds a degree in social work."
now im unemployed is a worried ill go back to the militants for financial enough because my aged fathers pension and not reasons said mohammed who holds im degree in social work
now im unemployed and im worried ill go back to the militants for financial reasons because my in fathers pension is not enough a mohammed who holds said degree social aged work
now im unemployed and im worried ill go back to militants for financial reasons because my aged fathers is not enough said mohammed who holds a degree in social work
now im unemployed and im ill go back to the militants for financial because my aged fathers pension not enough mohammed holds a degree in social work
" Cahyadi now i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll go back to Prestigo the militants for Agathon financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not enough said koo mohammed, who holds nautical a degree in social work. "
" now i ' m Nallo unemployed and CellSearch i ' m worried i ' ll go back to the militants for financial reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is not enough said mohammed, who holds a Konaxis degree LARGE in social gests work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' 1000 worried i ' ll conk out back to the activist for fiscal reasons, because my aged father ' s pension is non enough said mohammed, who holds a degree in social work. "
" now i ' m unemployed and i ' m worried i ' ll go back to the activist for financial cause, because my aged father ' s pension is not enough said mohammed, world health organization holds a degree in social work. "
2
So you're saying I shouldn't have to pay taxes on the tools I have to bring to my job? he asked.
so youre saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes on bring tools my have to the to i job he asked
so youre taxes i to have shouldnt pay saying on the tools i have to bring to my job he asked
so youre i shouldnt have to pay taxes on the tools i have to bring job he asked
so youre saying i shouldnt have to pay taxes on the tools i have to bring to my job he asked
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have scriptures to pay taxes WASHINGTON on the tools i have to RedStorm bring to my job? he asked.
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t Corkscrews have Mangelaars to pay taxes on the tools i have http to bring to my job? he asked.
so you ' re saying one shouldn ' t have to pay taxes on the tools i induce to bring to my job? atomic number 2 asked.
so you ' re saying i shouldn ' t have to pay taxes on the tools i have to bring to my caper? he asked.
1
Some people still want to know why I was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation Griffiths said.
some people still want to know why i was fired question as long as and that is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said
some people unanswered want to know why i was fired and as long as that remains is still there question a stain on my reputation griffiths said
some people still want to know why i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there stain my reputation said
some people still want know why i was and as long as that unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths
Tim some people still want to know why i was fired and as long as that question Te is unanswered there remains a fixed stain on my reputation griffiths said.
some people Xavier still want Beatles to know why i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there Bertz remains a stain on my reputation griffiths said.
some people notwithstanding want to know why i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my reputation griffiths say.
some people still want to know why i was fired and as long as that question is unanswered there remains a stain on my repute griffiths said.
2
"The houses I rent out were damaged, I had to spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52-year-old Waranya Thongdee."
the houses i them out were damaged i had to spend my own money over about seven or year months to renovate rent said 52 eight old waranya thongdee
the houses i rent out were damaged i had to spend my own money over about seven said eight months old renovate them or 52 year to waranya thongdee
the i rent out were damaged had to spend my own money over about eight months renovate them said 52 year old waranya
the houses i rent out were damaged i had to spend money over about seven or eight months to renovate them 52 year old waranya thongdee
" the houses i rent out enfermedad were About damaged, i had to Shanavas spend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said Narsi 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out Lipoff were damaged, i had to spend my own homestate money over about seven or eight months to self renovate them said 52 - Wizard### year - old waranya thongdee. "
" the star sign i rent out were damage, i had to spend my own money over about seven or viii months to renovate them said 52 - year - old waranya thongdee. "
" the houses i rent out be damaged, i had to expend my own money over about seven or eight months to renovate them said 52 - yr - old waranya thongdee. "
2
"Unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars Trump continued ""I made my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have known, I never filed for bankruptcy."" "
unlike many other i that make their money giving seminars trump continued people for my money in real estate and as your reporter should have known filed never i made bankruptcy
unlike many should people for make their money giving seminars trump continued i filed my money in real estate and as your reporter other have known i never made that bankruptcy
unlike many people that make their money giving seminars continued made my money in estate and as your reporter should have i never filed for bankruptcy
unlike many other people that make their money seminars trump continued i made money in real estate and as reporter should have known i never filed bankruptcy
" unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars LAINE trump continued " " i made my money Kerekou in real estate and, as your reporter should have LHP known, i never filed for ASCON bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people Pantelion that make their money giving seminars trump Alabaster continued " " i made antelope my money in real estate RALLY and, as your reporter should have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money giving seminars trump continued " " i made my money in substantial estate and, as your newsperson should have known, i never filed for bankruptcy. " " "
" unlike many other people that make their money present seminars trump bear on " " i made my money in real estate and, as your reporter should have known, i never filed for failure. " " "
0
"When I left, I didn't have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said."
when i i left didnt have enough money to buy said single piece of hard candy for my sons he a
didnt i left i when have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for he sons my said
when left i didnt have enough money buy a single of hard candy for my sons he said
when i left i didnt have enough money to buy a single piece hard candy for my sons he said
" when i left, Reginald i spokesperson didn ' t have enough money Sandre to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons he said. "
" when i admires left, i controller didn ' t have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons Stackrow he said. "
" when i forget, i didn ' t have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my sons helium said. "
" when i left, i didn ' t have enough money to buy a single piece of hard candy for my son he say. "
2
"Although the house is damaged, I am thankful to Allah that we are safe. "
although the house is damaged i am thankful to that allah we are safe
although the house is damaged i am thankful that allah to we are safe
although the is damaged i am thankful to allah that we are safe
although the house is damaged i am thankful allah that we are safe
" although the house is damaged, i am Banque thankful to allah that we Consumer are safe. "
" although Daril the house is damaged, i am thankful to Frederick allah that we are safe. "
" although the house is damaged, i be thankful to allah that we are safe. "
" although the house is damaged, i am thankful to allah that we are safe. "
2
"An old guy in a bar in Las Vegas, N.M., still owes me money: I bet on the Lakers in game 2, he bet on the Pistons."
an old owes in a bar in las vegas n m still guy game money i bet on the lakers in me 2 he bet on the pistons
an old guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes pistons money i bet on the lakers in game 2 he bet on me the
old guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes me money i bet on the lakers in game 2 he on the
an old guy in a bar in las vegas n m still owes me money i bet on the lakers in game he bet on the pistons
" an old guy flood in a bar in las vegas, n. m. , still owes me money: Mabon i bet on the lakers in REELING game 2, he bet on the LUNCH pistons. "
" an old guy in Soapland a bar in las vegas, n. Pam m. , still Emperor owes me money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, he Heydar bet on the pistons. "
" an honest to god guy in a bar in las vegas, n. m. , notwithstanding owe me money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, he bet on the pistons. "
" an old guy in a legal profession in las vegas, n. m. , still owes me money: i bet on the lakers in game 2, atomic number 2 wager on the pistons. "
2
"And if I won this week, that's enough money."
and if i won this week enough thats money
and if i won thats week this enough money
and i won week thats enough money
and if i won this week thats enough money
" and if i ISRAEL won Genetic this week, that ' s enough money. "
" bon and if i won this week, that ' Sholam s enough money. "
" and if i won this workweek, that ' s enough money. "
" and if i advance this week, that ' s enough money. "
1
"And with my luck, I'd get audited."
and with my audited id get luck
and with my id luck get audited
and with my luck id get audited
and with my id get audited
" and with Da my luck, i ' Mauro d get audited. "
" spears and with gravimetric my luck, i ' d get audited. "
" and with my fortune, i ' 500 get audited. "
" and with my luck, one ' d get audited. "
1
"Asked about what she will do next, she said: ""I'm looking for a job because I'm jobless."""
asked about what she said do next she will im looking for a job because im jobless
asked about what she will do next she looking im said for a job because im jobless
asked about what she will do next she looking for a job because jobless
asked about what she will do next she said im looking for a job because im jobless
" asked about what she will do next, she said: " " i ' m looking for a job fining because IWLAN i ' Achham m jobless. " " "
" asked Goes about what she will do next, she said: " " Lindsey i ' m looking Criminal for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
" require about what she will do next, she said: " " i ' m looking for a job because i ' m jobless. " " "
" asked astir what she will coiffure next, she said: " " i ' m looking for a problem because i ' m jobless. " " "
2
"Builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and I don't know when I'm going to get it back. "
million builders owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 already and i dont know when im going to get it back
builders back owe than more me 200 million yuan 29 million and i dont know when im going to get it already
builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 and i dont know when im to get it back
builders already me more than 200 million yuan 29 million and dont know when im going to get it back
" builders already owe me more than 200 Jetpack million yuan 29 million, garbage and i don ' t know when Ramdayal i ' m going to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 Waldrom million yuan 29 million, and barge i don ' t know perianal when i ' m going to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don ' t be intimate when i ' m go to get it back. "
" builders already owe me more than 200 million yuan 29 million, and i don ' t bonk when i ' m go to get it rearwards. "
2
But I have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i have been an unemployed since engineer my enterprise closed
enterprise i have been an unemployed engineer since my but closed
but i have been an unemployed since my enterprise
but i have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed
but i have been an unemployed engineer Madlanga since my Design enterprise closed.
but i have been an unemployed M. engineer since my enterprise JFSA closed.
simply i have been an unemployed engineer since my enterprise closed.
but i have been an unemployed engineer since my endeavour closed.
2
"But if I stay healthy, I'll be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living."
but if i and healthy ill be able to pay my bills stay earn a pretty good living
but if i stay healthy ill be able to pay my bills living earn a pretty good and
but if i healthy ill be able to pay my bills and pretty good living
but if i stay healthy ill be able to pay my bills and earn a pretty good living
" but if i Artisan stay healthy, i ' ll be able to translational pay my bills and earn a pretty Matanhire good living. "
" but AVG if i stay healthy, i ' ll be interjected able to Jenna pay my bills and earn a pretty good living. "
" just if i stay healthy, i ' ll be able to ante up my bills and earn a pretty good living. "
" but if i stay healthy, i ' ll be able to pay my bills and earn a fairly good life. "
1
"But I've got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players. "
money ive got enough but and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players
but ive got enough money and we get some flexibility where we can go out and got some players
but ive got enough money and got flexibility where we can go out and get some players
but ive enough money and we got some where can go out and get some players
" but i ' Sonya ve got enough Inc money, Search and we got some flexibility where we can go out and get some players. "
" but i ' ve got enough money, and we eminently got Paddleboard some flexibility where we can go cbeecher@capitalpress.com out and get some players. "
" but i ' ve got enough money, and we got some flexibility where we can go out and have some players. "
" but i ' ve got enough money, and we get some flexibility where we stern operate out and get some players. "
0
"Club officials could not be reached for comment, but ANSA quoted Simoni as saying ""It's true, I have been fired."""
club officials could not been reached for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its true i have fired be
club officials could not ansa reached for comment but be as simoni quoted saying its true i have been fired
club officials could not be reached for comment but ansa simoni as saying its true i have been fired
club officials could not be reached for comment but ansa quoted simoni as saying its true i have fired
" club NYSE officials could not be reached for comment, but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " it ' Ankle s true, Jugular i Copar have been fired. " " "
" club officials could not be reached for comment, but Hermitage ansa quoted AFSL simoni as saying " " it ' Superfast s chauffeuring true, i have been fired. " " "
" club officials could not be pass on for comment, but ansa quoted simoni as saying " " it ' s lawful, i ingest been fired. " " "
" guild officials could non be reached for comment, but ansa quote simoni as saying " " it ' s dead on target, i have been fired. " " "
2
"Declaring I've not been fired, Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov said Tuesday that high-level scientific and economic exchanges with the United States will survive President Boris Yeltsin's Cabinet shakeup."
declaring ive not been survive russian foreign exchanges yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level scientific and economic minister with the united states cabinet fired president boris yeltsins will shakeup
shakeup ive not been fired russian boris minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president yeltsins foreign cabinet declaring
declaring ive been fired russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level scientific and economic exchanges with the united will survive president boris shakeup
declaring ive not been fired foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states survive president boris yeltsins cabinet shakeup
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday Mankewich that high - level scientific Vern and economic exchanges with the united states Dr will survive Baetzel president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' http://www.royalcaribbean.com ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tuesday that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the Lord united states will survive president boris teammate yeltsin ' Hydrant s cabinet shakeup. "
" declaring i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov say tuesday that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will go president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
" announce i ' ve not been fired, russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov said tues that high - level scientific and economic exchanges with the united states will survive president boris yeltsin ' s cabinet shakeup. "
0
Even if we qualify I will go and look for a job.
even if we qualify i will go look and for a job
even if we qualify i and go will look for a job
even if we qualify i will go look a
even if we qualify i will go and look for a job
even if we qualify i will go Happy and look for a 1 job.
even if we qualify www.covantaholding.com i will NJSIAA go and look for a job.
even if we condition i will go and look for a task.
even if we qualify i will go and look for a job.
1
"Gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled Presumed Ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: ""I guess I'll see if the IRS meets those high standards when I get audited."" "
see whose next book tentatively titled presumed i will be about lawyers said ignorant guess ill gregory if the irs meets those high standards when i get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant will be about lawyers high i guess ill see if the irs meets those said standards when i audited get
gregory whose next book tentatively titled presumed ignorant be about lawyers said i guess ill see if the irs meets those high standards when i get audited
gregory whose next book tentatively ignorant will be about lawyers said i guess ill see if the irs meets those high standards when get
" gregory, Bhoruka whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be Kaiyuan about lawyers, said: " " i guess i ' ll Mtv.com see if the irs meets Hellbound those high standards when i ProSanos get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose Judi next stormy book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i guess FORT i ' ll see if the irs meets those high standards Husayni when i contained get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " i shot i ' ll see if the irs meets those in high spirits standard when i get audited. " " "
" gregory, whose next book, tentatively titled presumed ignorant, will be about lawyers, said: " " iodin guess i ' ll see if the irs sports meeting those gamey standards when i get audited. " " "
1
Guess what happened? I got audited.
guess what got i happened audited
got what happened i guess audited
guess what happened i got audited
guess what happened i got audited
guess what happened? i ATML got audited.
Spectrem guess what happened? i got audited.
guess what happened? ace got audited.
guess what chance? i got audited.
2
Half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half is to do with Ivan because my house was badly damaged and I have no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half is damaged do with ivan because my house was i to badly and have no insurance
half of my mind have on the and other this week and the of half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged events i is no insurance
half of my mind is on events of this week and the other half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance
half of my mind is on the events this week and the other half is to do ivan because my house was badly damaged and i no insurance
half GROUP of my mind is on the events SAN of this week hyperammonemia and the other half is to Barnacle do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance.
inflamed half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other half is togethers to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged Schummer and i have Doremi no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other one half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and iodine have no insurance.
half of my mind is on the events of this week and the other one half is to do with ivan because my house was badly damaged and i have no insurance.
2
"He says, Oh my gosh, what am I going to do? I'll file for bankruptcy. "
he says oh my gosh what am i going for do ill file to bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what am i file to do ill going for bankruptcy
he says oh my gosh what am i going to do ill file for bankruptcy
he oh my gosh what am i to do ill file for bankruptcy
" he belongings says, raf oh my gosh, what am i Permac going to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" he says, oh my gosh, what am i going Rusafi to do? i ' ll Edgemead file CRISIS for bankruptcy. "
" he says, buckeye state my gosh, what embody i going to do? i ' ll file for bankruptcy. "
" he says, oh my gosh, what am i going to make out? i ' ll file away for bankruptcy. "
1
"Her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included I lost a bet with Tipper and If Dan Quayle did it, how hard could it be?"
her top hard show for appearing on the reasons included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did it how 10 could it be
her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i how with bet a tipper and if dan quayle did it lost hard could it be
her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i a bet with tipper and dan it how hard could it be
her 10 reasons appearing on the show included i lost a bet with tipper and if dan did it how hard it be
" Epitopes her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included Philosophie i lost NYS a bet with tipper JJ and if dan quayle did it, how hard could it be? "
" her top 10 reasons for appearing on Heikki the show included i lost a bet with Backstrom tipper and if dan quayle did Vaso it, TOY how hard could it be? "
" her top 10 reasons for appearing on the show included i lose a bet with tipper and if dan quayle did information technology, how hard could it be? "
" her top 10 cause for appearing on the show include i lost a bet with tip truck and if dan quayle did it, how hard could it be? "
2
"Hopefully, I'll play well this week and I'll have enough money to pay them."
hopefully ill play well this week money ill have enough and to pay them
hopefully ill play well this week and have ill enough money to pay them
hopefully ill play this week and ill have enough money to pay them
play well this week ill have enough money to pay
" hopefully, i ' ll play well Amphibious this week Quadrini and i ' captaining ll have enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, i ' ll play well this week and Nasdaq i ' ll Opinion have Freemark enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, i ' ll play well this week and i ' ll get enough money to pay them. "
" hopefully, i ' ll play well this hebdomad and 1 ' ll have enough money to pay them. "
1
How much was my home damaged? Can I come back? Were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the storm?
how much was i home damaged can my come back or beach houses at this were that location able to withstand the storm
much how was my home damaged can i come back were beach location at this or that houses able to withstand the storm
how much was my home damaged can i come back were beach houses at this or that location able to withstand the
how much was my home damaged can i come back were beach houses at this or that location able withstand storm
scarf how much was my home damaged? can i come Ahmed back? were beach houses at Old this or that location able to withstand the storm?
how Sanaa much was my Ram home damaged? can i come back? were beach houses at this or that newspaper location able to withstand the storm?
how much was my home damage? can i come back? were beach houses at this oregon that location able to withstand the storm?
how much was my family damaged? can i come back? were beach houses at this beaver state that location able to withstand the storm?
2
I am not looking for a job.
not am i looking for a job
i a not looking for am job
i am not looking for a job
i am not looking for a
Forestalling i am not looking for a job.
i am not handbuilding looking for a job.
i am non looking for a job.
iodine am not looking for a job.
0
I am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent.
i am still sure if we will not have enough money to pay the rent
i sure not am if we will still have enough money to pay the rent
i am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent
i am not sure if we will still have enough to pay the rent
symbol i chocolate am not sure if we will still have enough money to pay the rent.
i am not sure if we will still have enough money Grace to Richie pay the rent.
i am not sure if we testament still have enough money to pay the rent.
i am not sure if we will still own enough money to pay the rent.
2
I am ready to get into the family life and think I've accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i am ready to get into the family life and think to accumulated enough money ive raise them properly
i am ready to get life the family into and think ive accumulated enough money to raise them properly
i am ready to get into the family life and accumulated enough to raise them properly
i am ready to get into the family and think ive accumulated enough money to raise them properly
i am ready RUO to get into the family life and think i ' ve accumulated Porumboiu enough money to raise them ACWW properly.
i am ready to get into the family Mastercard.com life and acronym think spokesman i ' ve accumulated enough money to raise them properly.
i am ready to get into the household life and think i ' ve accumulated adequate money to raise them properly.
i am quick to get into the family life and think i ' ve pile up enough money to raise them properly.
1
I am really surprised to hear that I was fired.
surprised am really i to hear that i was fired
i am really surprised i hear that to was fired
i am really surprised to hear that i was fired
i really surprised to hear that i was fired
i am really rabbonim surprised to TIRANA hear that i was fired.
i Jeremy am really surprised OTCS to hear that i was fired.
i am in truth surprised to learn that i was fired.
iodine am truly surprised to hear that i was fired.
2
I can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when I couldn't pay the bills.
i can tell you my having about phone and i and gas cut off when electricity couldnt pay the bills
phone can tell you about having my i and bills and gas cut off when i couldnt pay the electricity
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when i pay the bills
i can tell you having my phone and electricity and gas cut off couldnt pay the bills
i can Service tell you about having my Orval phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldn ' Giuseppe t pay the bills.
i can tell you about Balanced having my phone and electricity hunter and gas cut off when i couldn ' 内 t pay the bills.
unity force out tell you about having my telephone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldn ' t pay the bills.
i can tell you about having my phone and electricity and gas cut off when i couldn ' t pay the bills.
2
I can't even pay the bills.
even cant i pay the bills
i even cant pay the bills
i cant the bills
i cant the
i can ' t even LTC####/-# pay the bills.
i can ' t even pay Pirke the bills.
i can ' t even pay the bills.
i can ' t even make up the bills.
2
I can't say exactly how much money I have had to spend so far.
i cant say exactly how much to i have had money spend so far
i cant say exactly how much money i have so to spend had far
i cant say exactly how much money i have had to spend so far
i cant say exactly how much money i have had to spend so far
i can ' t say Pentwyn exactly how much money Militzer i have had to spend so far.
PTET i can ' t say Noonkester exactly how much money i have had to spend so far.
i throne ' t allege exactly how much money i have had to spend so far.
i can ' t say exactly how much money i bear had to spend and so far.
2
I could not make enough money to help my family.
i could help make enough money to not my family
i to not make enough money could help my family
could not enough to help my family
could make enough money to help my family
i Somewhat could not make enough money Frogster to help my family.
i could not make enough money to help Minister my determinate family.
i could not make decent money to help my class.
i could not make enough money to assist my family.
2
I couldn't send enough money home.
couldnt i send enough money home
i couldnt money enough send home
i couldnt enough money home
i couldnt send money home
i couldn ' t send enough Authority money home.
i couldn ' Urban t send enough money home.
i couldn ' t charge enough money home.
1 couldn ' t send enough money home.
2
I cried and I cried because we're on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried because were fixed a on income
i cried cried i and because were on a fixed income
i cried and i cried because were on a fixed income
i cried and i cried because were a fixed income
i cried and i cried mutinous because we ' re on Geraldo a fixed income.
Missouri i cried and Pipino i cried because we ' re on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re on a fixed income.
i cried and i cried because we ' re on a fixed income.
2
I didn't have enough money to go home.
i didnt have enough to money go home
i didnt to enough money have go home
i have enough money to go home
i have money go home
i MEN didn ' t have enough money to go tail home.
sittin i didn ' t have enough Yojana money to go home.
i didn ' t have enough money to run short home.
i didn ' t have enough money to go dwelling.
2
I don't even know how much they owe me.
i dont even how know much they owe me
i dont know even how much they owe me
i dont even know much they owe
i even know how much owe me
i don ' t even Motolite know how much Industry they owe me.
i don ' Forecastle t even know how much unending they owe me.
i don ' t even make out how much they owe me.
i don ' t even roll in the hay how much they owe me.
2
I don't like what I do for a living but I have to raise my children and pay the bills.
i dont bills and i do for a living but i have to raise my children what pay the like
i my like what i do for but living a i have to raise dont children and pay the bills
i dont what i do for but i raise children and pay the bills
i dont what i do for a living but i have to raise my children and pay the bills
i don ' t like what i do for engine a living but CHERYL i have to raise Bedian my children and pay the bills.
i don ' wafer t like what i do for a living but i have to raise my children and outfitter pay 中国 the bills.
i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate like what i do for a living but i stimulate to provoke my children and pay the bills.
i don river ' t like what i do for a living but i have to raise my children and pay the bills.
2
"I felt I was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but I couldn't pay the bill with the one pound I had in my pocket. "
couldnt felt i was starving went and to a nearby restaurant but i i pay the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket
i restaurant i was starving pay went to a nearby felt but i couldnt and the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket
i felt i was starving and went a nearby restaurant but i couldnt pay the bill with the one pound i had in my pocket
i felt i was starving and went to a nearby i couldnt pay the bill with the one pound i had my pocket
" i EVCARCO felt i was starving and went to CLUB a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' t pay the bill with the INLA one pound i had in Tailbacks my pocket. "
" i felt i steep was starving Fat and went to a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' t pay the bill with the neigboring one pound i Plaska had in my pocket. "
" ace felt i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but 1 couldn ' t pay the bank note with the one pound i had in my pocket. "
" iodin feel i was starving and went to a nearby restaurant, but i couldn ' t pay the vizor with the one pound i had in my pocket. "
2
I had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to Japan and Europe.
i had enough money to buy airline tickets go and to japan and europe
i had enough money to japan airline tickets and go to buy and europe
i money to airline tickets and to japan and europe
i had enough money to buy airline and go to and europe
i had enough La money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and CUPERTINO europe.
Thomas i had enough Legwork money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
iodine had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
i had enough money to buy airline tickets and go to japan and europe.
0
"I have always been able to buy whatever clothes either I, or the children, needed or desired and I have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes."
i have always aesthetic able to buy or purposes either i or the children needed whatever desired and i have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming health and been clothes
i have always been able to buy always clothes either i or the children and or desired and i have whatever been able to spend substantial amounts of health for grooming monies needed aesthetic purposes
i have always been able to buy clothes either i or the children needed or desired and i have always been able spend substantial amounts of monies grooming and aesthetic purposes
i always been able to buy whatever clothes either i or the children needed or and i have always been able to amounts of monies grooming health purposes
" i have always been able to buy whatever clothes either i, or Mauna the children, needed Yuqiang or desired and i have Showtyme always been able to spend substantial jujubes amounts of monies Waitresses for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
" i Qualified have always been able Nesu to buy whatever clothes prostate either i, or ADVENTURE the children, needed or desired and i have always been able to spend STMV substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
" i experience always been able to buy whatever clothes either i, or the children, needed or desired and single have always be able to spend solid amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
" i have always be able to buy whatever wearing apparel either i, or the children, need or craved and ace have always been able to spend substantial amounts of monies for grooming, health and aesthetic purposes. "
0
I have been kept here because I have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i have been kept here because i have no way of paying my bills hospital
i have here kept been because i have no way of paying my hospital bills
i been kept here because i have no way of paying my bills
i have been kept here because i have way of paying my hospital bills
i have been kept here because i have LeMieux no way of paying my rooftop hospital bills.
i have been kept Tesla here Wallabies because i have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i get be kept here because i have no way of paying my hospital bills.
i take been kept here because i give birth no way of paying my hospital bills.
2
I have clients that owe me money.
clients have i that owe me money
clients have i that owe me money
i have clients that owe me money
i clients owe me money
i have clients that Prabhakran owe me money.
i have clients that THEIR owe me money.
i have guest that owe me money.
i have clients that owe me money.
2
I have enough money and my family are well cared for.
enough have i money and my family are well cared for
my have enough money and i family are well cared for
i have enough and my are well cared
i have enough money and my family are well cared for
i have enough desonide money DeLaForest and my family are well cared for.
i have enough patterned money and my family are well DONALDSON cared for.
one have enough money and my family are well cared for.
iodin have enough money and my family be well cared for.
0
"I have no mortgage to pay, so I'm rich."
to have no mortgage i pay so im rich
mortgage have no i to pay so im rich
i have no mortgage pay so im rich
i have no mortgage to pay so im rich
" i have no mortgage to vAuto pay, so i ' m Joachim rich. "
" i have no mortgage to CTHS pay, so Two i ' m rich. "
" single have no mortgage to pay, so i ' m rich. "
" ace receive no mortgage to pay, so i ' m rich. "
0
I have still got a few years left and I still have a mortgage to pay.
i have years got a few still left and i still have a mortgage to pay
i have still got a few years left and i pay have a mortgage to still
i have still got a few left and i have a mortgage to pay
i have still got a few years left and i still have mortgage to pay
i have still got a Tvede few years left and i still have a Reynier mortgage to pay.
i have still got SeaRay a few years left and i still KN have a mortgage to pay.
i have still got a few years left and i however have a mortgage to pay.
i have still got a few long time leave and i still have a mortgage to pay.
2
I have two kids and a mortgage.
i have a kids and two mortgage
a have two kids and i mortgage
i have two kids and a mortgage
i have two kids a mortgage
i have two Monopolizing kids and a mortgage.
i have Changing two kids and a mortgage.
i have two kids and a mortgage.
i have deuce kids and a mortgage.
2
I have used up all my savings on hospital bills.
i have my up all used savings on hospital bills
i have used on all my savings up hospital bills
i have used up all my savings on hospital bills
i have used up all my savings on hospital bills
i have used up Donna all my savings MUSIC on hospital bills.
i Callebas have used up all my savings on Hidden hospital bills.
i have use upward all my savings on hospital bills.
i have used up all my savings on infirmary bills.
2
I hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the body.
i hope buy to enough money to collect a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that growth allow the will to be examined outside from the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to examined from outside the body
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the
Gorant i hope check to collect enough money to buy a Albertos machine that will allow the growth to be examined from outside the body.
i hope to collect enough money to buy Racha a machine that acoustic will allow the growth to be examined from outside Salmonella the body.
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that leave allow the growth to be prove from outside the torso.
i hope to collect enough money to buy a machine that will allow the growth to be prove from outside the body.
1
"I know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for it, but I have to pay the bills at the end of the day."
i know the sounds crazy and a lot of i will criticise me for it but people have to pay the bills at it end of the day
i know criticise to crazy and a lot of people will it me for it but i have sounds pay the bills at the end of the day
i know it crazy and a lot of people will criticise me for but i have to pay the bills the end of the day
i it sounds crazy and a lot of people will criticise me for but i have pay the bills the end the day
" i know it sounds Babri crazy, Fondness and a Eur lot of people will criticise me for it, but i have to pay the bills at the end of the Kepayan day. "
" i know it sounds crazy, and a lot of Kristin people will criticise me for it, but i have megawatt to pay the bills at the contact end of the Smart day. "
" one know it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for information technology, but i have to pay the flyer at the end of the day. "
" i acknowledge it sounds crazy, and a lot of people will criticise me for it, but i have to pay the eyeshade at the end of the day. "
2
"I live on a fixed income, and so I haven't spoken to him since May."
i live on may fixed income and so i havent spoken to him since a
i live on a i income and so fixed havent spoken to him since may
i live on fixed income and so i havent spoken to him since may
i live on a fixed income so i havent spoken to him since may
" i live Related on a fixed income, and so CBMX i haven ' t spoken to Hodgerney him since may. "
" i live on a fixed income, reproached and so Rajendra i haven ' t Garrett spoken to him since may. "
" ace live on a fixed income, and so i haven ' t spoken to him since may. "
" i live on a rigid income, and so i haven ' metric ton spoken to him since may. "
2
I owe money to the bank.
i owe money bank the to
owe i money to the bank
owe money to the bank
i owe money to the
i owe money Nabagesera to the bank.
i owe money Richard to the bank.
i owe money to the bank.
i owe money to the bank.
2
I still don't know how to pay the mortgage.
i still the know how to pay dont mortgage
i know dont still how to pay the mortgage
i dont know how to pay the
i still dont know to pay the mortgage
i spinner still don ' t know Chief how to pay the mortgage.
i still don ' symbol t Arquitectonica know how to pay the mortgage.
i all the same don ' t cognise how to pay the mortgage.
ace still don ' t know how to bear the mortgage.
2
"I stole to feed my children, because I don't even have enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
i stole money feed the children because i dont even have enough to to buy them milk read my unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed my children because even unsigned i have enough money to buy them milk read the dont letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to feed my because i enough money to buy them milk read the unsigned letter which proposed reimbursing you in several installments
i stole to my because i dont even have enough money to them milk read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments
" i Sarawak stole to feed Professional my children, because i don ' t even have enough money to Khundrakpam buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed QIS reimbursing you in several installments. "
" i clearly stole to feed seasonably my children, because i don ' t even have enough Pascalli money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you handspun in several installments. "
" i stole to feed my children, because i don ' t even receive enough money to bribe them milk, read the unsigned letter which also proposed reimbursing you in several installments. "
" one stole to feed my children, because i don ' t even bear enough money to buy them milk, read the unsigned letter which also propose reimbursing you in several installments. "
2
I thought it was better to resign before I was fired.
i resign it was better to thought before i was fired
i fired it was better to resign before i was thought
i thought it was better to resign was fired
i thought it was better to resign before i was fired
i thought it was Phikolethu better to resign before i was Li fired.
i MTN8 thought La it was better to resign before i was fired.
atomic number 53 thought it was better to resign before i was fired.
1 think it was better to resign before i was fired.
1
I was fired last year and thought that was my last stop.
i was fired last year and thought last was my that stop
i was fired thought year and last that was my last stop
i was fired year and thought that my last stop
i was fired last year and thought that was my last stop
i was fired last year and thought Petithomme that was my last poisoned stop.
i was fired last year and thought NSWALC that was Home my last stop.
1 was fired last year and conceive that was my last stop.
i was fired last year and opine that was my final stop.
2
"If I could arrange mortgages, I would triple my business overnight. "
if i could arrange i mortgages would triple my business overnight
if i overnight arrange mortgages i would triple my business could
if i could arrange mortgages i triple my overnight
if i arrange mortgages would triple overnight
" if ESPN###.com i Yahoo could arrange mortgages, i would triple my business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgages, i would triple Sarawak my Exercisers business overnight. "
" if i could arrange mortgages, i would triple my business overnight. "
" if i could stage mortgages, i would triple my business overnight. "
1
"If I got enough money, I don't write."
if i got enough i money dont write
dont i got enough money i if write
if i got enough money i dont write
if got enough money i dont write
" if i Klemz got enough money, i don ' t Silverstone write. "
" if i got Jupiter enough money, i don ' t tete write. "
" if i catch decent money, i don ' t write. "
" if one got enough money, one don ' t write. "
1
I'll never know how much I have lost.
ill never how know much i have lost
ill never know how much lost have i
ill never know how much i have lost
ill never know how much i have lost
i ' ll never know how Melvyn much i SIGHTS have lost.
Bonora i ' ll never know how much i delegitimise have lost.
i ' ll never know how much atomic number 53 experience lost.
i ' ll never know how much i throw lose.
2
I'm coming to terms with being unemployed.
with coming to terms im being unemployed
being coming to terms with im unemployed
im coming to with being unemployed
im coming to terms with being unemployed
i ' m coming Matt to terms with being unemployed.
i ' http://www.asiainfo.com m coming to terms with being unemployed.
i ' m make out to terms with being unemployed.
i ' m coming to terms with being unemployed.
2
"I'm disabled, on a fixed income and diabetic."
im disabled diabetic a fixed income and on
im disabled on diabetic fixed income and a
im disabled on fixed income and diabetic
im disabled on a fixed income and diabetic
" i ' m disabled, Minerva on a fixed income and EX#####E diabetic. "
" i ' m WNTA disabled, Treblinka on a fixed income and diabetic. "
" iodine ' m disabled, on a fixed income and diabetic. "
" i ' mb handicap, on a fixed income and diabetic. "
2
I'm in the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
im in position happy the of being an unemployed writer
im in the happy writer of being an unemployed position
im in the happy position of being an unemployed writer
im the happy position of being unemployed
i ' Well m demi in the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
i ' m in the Sestak happy position of ind being an unemployed writer.
i ' m in the well chosen position of being an unemployed author.
iodin ' m in the happy position of being an unemployed writer.
2
"I'm looking forward to working with Andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he owes me  300. "
im looking forward to working with basis on a daily andy again particularly since he owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy basis a daily on again particularly since he owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy on a basis again particularly since owes me 300
im looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis again particularly since he me 300
" i ' Llanidloes m looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis again, La particularly since he owes quartz me 300. "
" i ' m looking Nongada forward to Zhongping working AMMB with andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he owes me 300. "
" i ' k looking forward to working with andy on a daily basis once more, particularly since he owes pine tree state 300. "
" i ' m looking onward to working with andy on a daily basis again, particularly since he owes pine tree state 300. "
2
I'm on a fixed income so I hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
im on a fixed to so i hope they can figure out something income bring down prices
im on a fixed income so to hope they can figure out something i bring down prices
im on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices
im on a fixed so i hope they can figure out something to bring down
i ' m on a fixed income so i hope reestimates they can icons figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' m on a fixed income so i hope they Yurok can figure out something to bring UPOV down prices.
i ' k on a frozen income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
i ' one thousand on a fixed income so i hope they can figure out something to bring down prices.
2
I'm pretty much on a fixed income.
on pretty much im a fixed income
im on much pretty a fixed income
im pretty much on fixed income
im pretty much on a fixed income
i ' m pretty Lever much on a fixed income.
i ' m pretty much on a fixed Miyahira income.
i ' m pretty much on a fixed income.
i ' m pretty much on a fixed income.
2
"I'm ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say ""I tried."" "
im ready to go in judge of a bankruptcy front and say i tried
im ready to go in front of a i judge and say bankruptcy tried
im ready to go in front of bankruptcy judge and say i tried
im ready to go in of a bankruptcy judge and say i tried
" i ' RIMOFTHEWORLD.net m ready to go in front of a bankruptcy Emily judge SNOWY and say " " i tried. " " "
" i ' m ready Rainfall to depressingly go in front of a bankruptcy judge Secure and say " " i tried. " " "
" i ' megabyte ready to go in front of a bankruptcy judge and say " " one try. " " "
" i ' m quick to go in forepart of a bankruptcy justice and say " " i tried. " " "
2
I'm unemployed and Saddam Hussein still has a job.
im unemployed and job hussein still has a saddam
im and unemployed saddam hussein still has a job
unemployed and saddam hussein still has a job
im unemployed and hussein still has a job
i ' m unemployed and saddam hussein still narcotic has Seetaram a job.
i ' m Repucci unemployed and saddam hussein still latch has a job.
i ' thousand unemployed and saddam hussein still has a job.
i ' one thousand unemployed and saddam hussein still birth a job.
2
"It's not that much, but I am unemployed and I need the money."
its not that much but i unemployed am and i need the money
its not that much but i am unemployed and i need money the
not that much but i am unemployed and i need the money
its not that much but i am unemployed and i need the money
" it ' s not that much, but MR i am unemployed and i need the Possessing money. "
" it ' Cikampek s Neftaly not that much, but i am unemployed and i need the money. "
" it ' s not that much, merely i am unemployed and i need the money. "
" it ' s not that much, but i am unemployed and i need the money. "
2
I've been living here long enough and paying taxes.
ive been living here taxes enough and paying long
taxes been living here long enough and paying ive
ive living here long enough and paying taxes
ive been living here long enough and paying taxes
Klean i ' WGNB ve been living here long enough and paying taxes.
i ' ve ####p been living Lucie here long enough and paying taxes.
single ' ve been living hither long enough and paying taxes.
iodin ' ve been living here long enough and paying taxes.
2
I've been working for eight years and I always owe money.
ive been working for eight years always i and owe money
and been working for eight years ive i always owe money
ive been working for eight years and i owe money
ive been working for eight years and i always owe money
i ' ve Remastered been working for eight years and Netware i always owe money.
i ' ve been working for FilmLight eight years and i always owe Erik money.
i ' ve been work for eight years and i always owe money.
i ' ve been working for eight years and single always owe money.
2
I've got enough money for my needs.
ive for enough money got my needs
enough got ive money for my needs
ive got enough my needs
ive got money for my needs
i ' ve got enough money for my gazing needs.
i ' ve got enough money for my Kimble needs.
i ' ve got decent money for my needs.
i ' ve got enough money for my needs.
0
"I've lost three homes and four cars, destroyed by burning and vandalism."
ive lost three homes and four destroyed cars by burning and vandalism
ive vandalism three homes and four cars destroyed by burning and lost
lost three homes and four cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
ive lost three homes and four cars destroyed by burning and vandalism
" i ' ve lost three homes and four cars, Callaway destroyed Eric by burning and vandalism. "
" i ' ve lost three homes Monster and four cars, destroyed by burning and Demirtas vandalism. "
" i ' ve lost three homes and four car, destroyed by burning and vandalism. "
" i ' ve lost threesome homes and four cars, demolish by burning and vandalism. "
2
I've made enough money and am secure enough for the future.
ive the enough money and am secure enough for made future
ive enough enough money and am secure made for the future
ive enough money and am enough for the future
ive made enough money and secure enough for the future
i ' ve made enough money and am ND1 secure enough for the Dominik future.
i ' ve made enough MBDC money and am secure enough Anjelo for the future.
i ' ve make enough money and am secure plenty for the future.
i ' ve made enough money and am secure plenty for the future.
0
"Like most of us here, I was unemployed, which was why I committed a crime said Pan Ming, a 38-year-old convicted robber seven years into his nine-year sentence."
like most of us here i was unemployed which was nine i year a crime said pan ming a old year 38 convicted robber seven years into his why committed sentence
like most of us here i was unemployed which was his old committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year into convicted robber seven years i why nine year sentence
most us here i was unemployed which was why i a said pan ming a 38 year old convicted robber seven into his nine year sentence
like most of us here i was unemployed which was why i committed a crime said pan ming a 38 year old robber seven years into his year sentence
" like most of us KINGSEY here, i was unemployed, which was why i committed a crime said pan Ann ming, a 38 - year - old convicted robber LawWorks seven years Estádio into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most AutoZone of us Mishcon here, i was unemployed, which was why i committed a crime arcades said pan ming, a 38 - year - Corp old convicted robber seven years into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most of us here, single was unemployed, which was why i committed a crime said pan ming, a 38 - year - honest to god convicted robber septet years into his nine - year sentence. "
" like most of us here, i was unemployed, which was why i committed a criminal offence said pan ming, a thirty eight - year - old convicted robber seven years into his nine - year sentence. "
2
"Look at me, I gave up my studies to look for a job to pay for my studies."
look at me i gave up my to to look for a job studies pay for my studies
look at me i studies up my gave to look for a job to pay for my studies
look at me i gave up my studies to look for a job pay for my studies
look at i gave up my studies to for a job to pay for my
" look Liebow at Deepwater me, i gave up my Kacsmar studies to look for a job to pay for my studies. "
" look at Hans me, i gave up Kishore my studies to look Prag for a job to pay for my studies. "
" look at pine tree state, i gave up my studies to look for a job to ante up for my studies. "
" look at me, single gave up my studies to depend for a job to pay for my studies. "
2
"Morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in Mogadishu, said 16 months after his death that ""I have enough money, but I shan't leave here until I produce something positive."" "
morris who 16 a picture of his son in in wharfside i his mogadishu said kept months after his death that office have enough money but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
morris who kept i picture of mogadishu son in his wharfside office in his said 16 months after his death that produce have enough money but a shant leave here until i i something positive
morris who kept a picture of his son in his office in mogadishu said 16 months after death that i have enough money but i shant leave here until i produce positive
morris who kept of his son in his wharfside office in said 16 months after his death that i have enough money but i shant leave here until i produce something positive
" morris, who kept a ##/#-day picture of his son in Regator his wharfside office in mogadishu, said products.php 16 months after his Municipal death that " " i have enough money, but i shan ' t leave here until i David produce something positive. " " "
" morris, Bakman who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in Image mogadishu, said 16 intermediary months after his death that " " i have enough money, but i shan ' t leave here Bunyodkor until i muu produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who kept a picture of his logos in his wharfside berth in mogadishu, said 16 months after his expiry that " " ace have enough money, but i shan ' t leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
" morris, who kept a picture of his son in his wharfside office in capital of somalia, said 16 months after his death that " " i have enough money, but i shan ' thyroxine leave here until i produce something positive. " " "
0
"My car was damaged and I spent more than 1,000 repairing it."
my car was damaged and i repairing more than 1 000 spent it
my car was damaged and 000 spent more than 1 i repairing it
my car was damaged and i spent than 1 repairing
my car was damaged and i spent more than 1 000 repairing
" my car was damaged and i Burden spent more than 1, 000 repairing Roanoke it. "
" Saadi my car Brailean was damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my car make up damaged and i spent more than 1, 000 repairing it. "
" my car was damaged and i spent more than than ace, 000 repairing it. "
2
My parents were initially worried that I would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
my parents would initially worried that i were not be able cope to without a fixed income like in my previous jobs
my parents were initially a that i would not be able previous cope without worried fixed income like in my to jobs
my parents were initially that would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in previous jobs
my parents were initially worried that i would not be able to cope without a fixed income in my previous jobs
my parents were initially worried that i would not be able to cope without Universal a fixed visit income like in Mark my previous jobs.
swale my parents ANDY were initially worried that i would not be Kadhis able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous jobs.
my parents were ab initio worried that i would not be able to cope without a fixed income like in my previous job.
my parents were initially distressed that i would not be able to cope without a fixed income same in my old jobs.
1
Now I am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
now on am facing a diminished benefit i a fixed income
now i am facing a diminished a on benefit fixed income
now i am diminished benefit on a fixed income
now i am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed income
now i Andy am facing Marshfield a diminished benefit on a fixed income.
now Peso i am facing a diminished benefit on a fixed NDNC income.
now i am facing a diminished welfare on a fixed income.
now i am confront a diminished welfare on a fixed income.
2
"Of course, I will be the one to get audited."
of be i will course the one to get audited
of course to will be the one i get audited
of course i will be the one to get audited
of course be to audited
" of course, i will be the one Schrobenhausen to negative get audited. "
" of course, i LIGHTFAIR will be the one to get O7 audited. "
" of course, single will be the one to get audited. "
" of course of study, i will cost the one to get audited. "
1
"Of the six months I have been here they have only paid me for one, and they owe me five."
they the six months i have been here they have only for me paid one and of owe me five
of the six months i have been paid they have one here me for only and they owe me five
of the six months i have been here have only paid me for one and they owe me five
of the six months have been here they have only paid me for one and owe me five
" of the Ispat six months i Kassum have been here they have Greg only paid me for one, and they owe me five. "
" broadcasters of the six months i have been here they have Investigation only paid me for one, and they Nightingales owe me five. "
" of the six months 1 have been here they have only paid me for unrivalled, and they owe me five. "
" of the six months single have been hither they have only paid pine tree state for one, and they owe me five. "
2
"One day, I hope to save enough money to get married. "
one day hope i to save enough money to get married
to day i hope to save enough money one get married
one day i hope to save enough money to get married
one day i hope to save enough money to get married
" one day, i hope to save enough Carcross money to get Newfoundland married. "
" one day, i Malaya hope to save enough money to Jungbauer get married. "
" one day, i hope to save enough money to find married. "
" one and only day, i go for to save enough money to get married. "
1
"Over the past 20 years I've made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques."
over the past 20 years ive made if lot of money a you look at the cheques
over the past 20 years ive made lot a of money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 years ive made lot money if you look at the cheques
over the past 20 years ive made a lot of money if you at cheques
" over the Katyusha past Cuyler 20 years i ' ve made a lot of money, if Frank you look at the cheques. "
" Cowpe over the past 20 years i ' OzoneCard ve made a lot Ceridian of money, if you look at the cheques. "
" over the retiring 20 years i ' ve made a lot of money, if you look at the cheques. "
" over the past 20 years i ' ve make believe a slew of money, if you look at the cheques. "
0
"Personally, that's the way I avoid paying taxes."
avoid thats the way i personally paying taxes
personally thats the way i taxes paying avoid
personally thats the way i avoid paying taxes
personally thats the way i avoid paying taxes
" personally, that ' s Pill the way i avoid Tim paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s Pharmacie the way i avoid Riparian paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the way i avoid paying taxes. "
" personally, that ' s the way i avoid paying revenue enhancement. "
0
Probably because I didn't have enough money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didnt have enough buy to money the stuff
probably because i didnt have stuff money to buy the enough
probably i didnt have enough money to buy the stuff
probably because i didnt have enough money to the
probably Iraqâ because i FOUR didn ' t have enough money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didn ' Rashid t have NEHTA enough money to buy the stuff.
belike because one didn ' t have enough money to buy the stuff.
probably because i didn ' t have enough money to buy the stuff and nonsense.
2
"Sitting on my desk at home is a letter that suggests I owe money for long-term disability coverage, money that I thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck."
sitting on my disability at home is a was paycheck suggests i owe money for long term desk coverage money that i thought letter being automatically deducted from my that
sitting my on desk at home is a for term suggests i owe money letter long that disability coverage money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck
sitting my desk at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long term disability coverage money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck
sitting on my at home is a letter that suggests i owe money for long term disability coverage that thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck
" sitting Georgia on my desk at home is PowerVR a letter that Jimmy suggests i owe Dale money for long - term disability coverage, money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my paycheck. "
" sitting on my desk Marthe at home is a letter Tupperware that suggests i owe money for long - term disability coverage, money that i thought was being automatically deducted PORTALES from Representative my paycheck. "
" sitting on my desk at home follow a letter of the alphabet that suggests i owe money for long - term impairment coverage, money that i thought was being automatically deducted from my payroll check. "
" sitting on my desk at home be a letter that suggests i owe money for long - condition disability coverage, money that i thought was being automatically withhold from my paycheck. "
2
The company went bankrupt and I was unemployed for a year.
the company went a and i was unemployed for bankrupt year
the company went bankrupt and i for unemployed was a year
the company went bankrupt and i was unemployed for a year
the company went bankrupt i was unemployed for year
the company went bankrupt Riviere and i was unemployed for a Frank year.
the ##F company went bankrupt and i was unemployed for Markus a year.
the company fit bankrupt and one was unemployed for a year.
the companionship went bankrupt and i be unemployed for a year.
2
"The guy said ""I can afford to pay the bill."""
the can said i guy afford to pay the bill
the guy said i can afford the pay to bill
the guy said i can afford to pay the bill
the guy said i can afford to pay the
" the guy said " " i can PBK afford president to pay the bill. " " "
" Riffe the guy said " " i can THE afford to pay the bill. " " "
" the guy said " " i tooshie afford to pay the bill. " " "
" the guy said " " iodin can afford to give the bill. " " "
0
"Their question is: I pay my bills, I pay my mortgage, why are you helping Wall Street? "
their question you i pay my bills i pay my mortgage why are is helping wall street
their question is i pay my bills i pay wall mortgage why are you helping my street
their is i pay my bills i pay my mortgage why are you helping wall street
their question is i my bills i my mortgage why are you helping wall street
" their question is: i pay my bills, Mihalchik i pay my TO mortgage, why are you randomly helping wall street? "
" their question is: i pay my laps/### bills, i DANA pay my rechargeable mortgage, why are you helping wall street? "
" their motion is: i pay my bills, i pay my mortgage, why be you helping wall street? "
" their question is: 1 pay my bills, ane pay my mortgage, why are you helping wall street? "
2
There's no elegant way to say I was fired.
theres no elegant was to say i way fired
theres fired elegant way to say i was no
theres no elegant way to say i was fired
theres no elegant way to say i was fired
there ' s no elegant way Purina to say i was brutally fired.
there ' s no elegant way to Juanma say Mountie i was fired.
there ' s no graceful way to say i was enkindle.
there ' s no elegant way to say ace was fire.
2
They don't owe me anything and I don't owe them anything.
dont they owe me anything and i dont owe them anything
they dont owe me anything and i dont them owe anything
they dont owe me anything and i dont them anything
they dont owe me anything i dont owe them anything
they don ' t owe Downtowner me anything and i don ' t Xtra owe them anything.
they don ' t owe me Ray anything and i don ' t owe Gowrish them anything.
they don ' t owe me anything and i don ' t owe them anything.
they don ' metric ton owe me anything and i don ' t owe them anything.
0
"They owe me more than 130,000 shekels, 32,500 dollars, which I still haven't recovered despite a court case. "
they 000 me more havent 130 owe shekels 32 500 dollars which i still than recovered despite a court case
they owe havent more than 130 000 dollars 32 500 shekels which i still me recovered despite a court case
they owe me than 130 000 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite a court case
they owe me more than 130 000 shekels 500 dollars which i still havent recovered despite a court case
" they owe Capalbo me more than 130, 000 shekels, Mathieu 32, 500 dollars, which i still haven ' t recovered despite st a court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, verbs 500 Secure dollars, which tibialis i still haven ' t recovered despite a court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 sugar, 32, 500 dollars, which i still haven ' mt recovered despite a court case. "
" they owe me more than 130, 000 shekels, 32, 500 dollars, which i still haven ' tetraiodothyronine recovered despite a court typesetter's case. "
2
"Thirty-six year old Gina Allen of Denver voiced what was perhaps the country's most popular reason for last-minute filing: ""I owe money anyway, so I wasn't in too much of a rush to get them in."" "
reason six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the countrys most popular thirty for much minute filing i owe money anyway so i of in too last wasnt a rush to get them in
thirty six year what much allen of denver of old was perhaps the countrys most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i wasnt in too gina voiced a rush to get them in
thirty year old gina allen of voiced what was perhaps the countrys most popular reason for last minute filing i owe money anyway so i in too much of a rush to get them in
thirty year old gina allen of denver voiced what perhaps the countrys reason for minute filing i owe anyway so wasnt in too much of a rush get them in
" thirty - six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps Rick the country ' Comolli s most popular reason for last - minute scrapbook filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much Anh of losers a rush Employee to get them in. " " "
" thirty - N2X six year Pup old gina allen Bisons of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' s most Cate popular reason for last - Lloreda minute filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a chemical rush to get them in. " " "
" thirty - six year old gina allen of denver voiced what was perhaps the country ' s most democratic reason for last - minute filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to receive them in. " " "
" thirty - six year old gina allen of capital of colorado voiced what was perhaps the country ' s most popular reason for terminal - hour filing: " " i owe money anyway, so i wasn ' t in too much of a rush to get them in. " " "
2
"Through the years, I have been audited four times."
through the years i have times audited four been
through times years i have been audited four the
through the years i have been audited four times
through the years have been audited four times
" through Bandag the years, GENERAL i have been audited four times. "
" through Le the years, Banek i have been audited four times. "
" through the years, i have embody audited quadruplet times. "
" through the years, i accept been audited four time. "
2
"Two years ago I was nowhere, looking for a job. "
two years a i was nowhere looking for ago job
two years ago a was nowhere looking for i job
two years ago i was nowhere for a job
two ago i was nowhere looking for a job
" Gardia two freakin years ago i was nowhere, looking for a job. "
" two SADTU years ago i was nowhere, Jaan looking for a job. "
" deuce years ago iodine was nowhere, looking for a job. "
" two days ago i was nowhere, looking for a job. "
2
"Umma Salima, a peanut street hawker, said ""Not only my house is badly damaged, I have also lost both my push carts."" "
umma badly a peanut house hawker said not only my street is salima damaged i have also lost both my push carts
umma salima lost peanut street hawker said not only my house is carts damaged i have also a both my push badly
umma salima a peanut street hawker said not only my house badly i have also lost both my push carts
umma salima a peanut street hawker said not only my house is badly i have also lost both my push carts
" -#.# umma salima, a peanut street Shanda hawker, said " " not only my WITHIN house is badly damaged, i have also industrial lost both my push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not Tramway only INCOME my house is badly damaged, Piscione i have also Berets lost both my push carts. " " "
" umma salima, a insignificant street hawker, said " " not only my house is badly damaged, i have also lost both my push cart. " " "
" umma salima, a peanut street hawker, said " " not only my house is badly damaged, iodine have also lose both my push handcart. " " "
2
"Watch, now I'll get audited for having property in outer space. "
watch now ill get for audited having property in outer space
watch now ill having audited for get property in outer space
watch now ill get audited for having in outer space
watch now ill get audited for having property outer space
" Deker watch, now i ' ll get audited Balla for having property in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' Hudl ll get audited for having property iota in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' ll get audited for having property in outer space. "
" watch, now i ' ll get inspect for having property in outer space. "
2
What if I declare bankruptcy?
i if what declare bankruptcy
declare if i what bankruptcy
what if i declare bankruptcy
what if i declare bankruptcy
cinematographer what if i declare bankruptcy?
what if Quanis i declare bankruptcy?
what if i declare bankruptcy?
what if one declare bankruptcy?
1
When I pay the bills and buy my medicine I have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
30 i and the bills and buy my medicine i have only when marks dlrs 17 left over for food pay everything else
when i pay the bills and buy i medicine my have only for marks dlrs 17 left over 30 food and everything else
i pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs left over for food and everything else
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else
when Lightning i pay the bills and buy Kokomo my medicine avid i have only 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when i pay the Beedle bills and buy my medicine i have only 30 Gary marks dlrs Maria 17 left over for food and everything else.
when i pay the bills and buy my medicine iodine have only thirty marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
when i give the bills and buy my medicine i have only when 30 marks dlrs 17 left over for food and everything else.
2
"When I was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books, so we never really went to school, said Rajan, 50."
when i was a kid we never had enough never for clothes and books really we money so went to school said rajan 50
when i had a kid we never was enough money for clothes and never so we books really went to school said rajan 50
when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books so we really went to school said rajan 50
when i was a kid we never had enough for clothes and books so we never really went school said
" when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and broadcaster books, so we never really went to Bumpings school, INDYCAR said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we #,### never had enough money for clothes and books, so we never Sportex really went Schooled to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we never had enough money for clothes and books, so we ne'er really went to school, said rajan, 50. "
" when i was a kid we never have enough money for clothes and books, so we never really function to school, said rajan, 50. "
2
"When I was fired by Cirque du Soleil, it was the worst day of my life."
when i was fired by cirque du soleil it was the life day of my worst
when i was fired life cirque du soleil it was the worst day of my by
when i was by cirque du soleil it was the worst day of my life
when i fired by cirque du soleil it was the worst day of my life
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, Simon it was the worst day of my monopsony life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du pop soleil, it was the worst day of Temps my life. "
" when i was fired by cirque du soleil, it was the bad day of my life. "
" when i be fired by cirque du soleil, it was the worst day of my life sentence. "
2
And it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
and it seems a can walk on run and the mountain for hours again he added in we recent interview
a it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he recent in and added interview
and it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added a recent interview
and it seems we can walk and the for hours again he added in a recent interview
and it seems we can psychic walk and run oral on orthopedics the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
Scot and Pursel it seems we can walk and run on the Servants mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
and it seems we can walk and run on the lot for hours again he added in a late interview.
and it seems we can walk and run on the mountain for hours again he added in a recent interview.
1
Don't tell anybody but I'll be fishing tomorrow Bush quipped as he departed Phoenix.
dont tell be but ill anybody fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill be tomorrow fishing bush quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but ill be fishing tomorrow quipped as he departed phoenix
dont tell anybody but fishing bush quipped as he departed phoenix
don ' t tell anybody Bridgestone but i ' ll Civil be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed phoenix.
don ' t tell anybody but i ' ll be fishing tomorrow meaningful bush quipped as he departed URBAN phoenix.
don river ' t tell anybody but i ' ll be fishing tomorrow bush quipped as helium departed phoenix.
don ' t tell anybody but i ' ll follow fishing tomorrow bush quipped as he departed genus phoenix.
1
"I can't walk around in East Jerusalem, I can't walk around in Hebron  on the occupied West Bank  or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox Satmar sect, David Niedelman, who also lives in the United States."
i on walk around in east jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron cant lives states west bank or anywhere else said the of the leaders of one orthodox satmar sect david niedelman who also the in the united occupied
i cant walk around in in jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one the the states of the orthodox united sect david niedelman who also lives east of satmar leaders
i cant walk around in east jerusalem i cant walk around in hebron on occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect david who also lives in the united states
i cant around in east jerusalem cant walk in hebron on the occupied west or anywhere else said one of the leaders the orthodox sect david niedelman who also lives in the united
" i can ' t walk biodegrades around in east jerusalem, i can ' t MSN walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank Taman or anywhere else said one of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also EnBW lives in the NEAL united states. "
" i can ' t Haqani walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t Sundholm walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said one of the leaders Congolese of Townsends the orthodox satmar sect, iS### david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t take the air around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else say one of the leadership of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also lives in the united states. "
" i can ' t walk around in east jerusalem, i can ' t walk around in hebron on the occupied west bank or anywhere else said unity of the leaders of the orthodox satmar sect, david niedelman, who also populate in the joined states. "
2
"I don't feel too safe walking by the woods said Edwards, a 19-year-old black student from Canton."
i dont feel too safe walking by edwards woods said the a 19 year old black student from canton
feel dont i too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
i dont feel too safe walking by woods said edwards a 19 year old black student from canton
i dont too safe walking by the woods said edwards a 19 year old black from canton
" i don ' t feel too OPERATING safe walking by the woods said edwards, tail a 19 - year - old black student ginger from canton. "
" i don ' t feel too safe walking IN by the woods said edwards, UNIVERSITY a 19 - year - old black BONNIE student from canton. "
" i don ' t feel too safe walking by the woods said edward, a xix - year - old black scholar from canton. "
" i assume ' t feel too safe walking by the woods said edward, a 19 - year - old black scholar from canton. "
2
I have enjoyed in cycling Berzin smiled.
i cycling enjoyed in have berzin smiled
i berzin enjoyed in cycling have smiled
i have enjoyed in cycling berzin
i have in cycling berzin smiled
i have enjoyed in cycling Marshall berzin smiled.
i salmon have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
iodin have enjoyed in cycling berzin smiled.
i have enjoyed in wheel berzin smiled.
0
I haven't spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so I need to get used to riding a 500 again he said.
i the spent much time so the bike in havent past year because of my injuries on i need to get used to riding a 500 again he said
i havent spent much time on the bike get the past year because of my injuries so i said to in used to riding a 500 again he need
i havent spent much on the bike the past year because my injuries i need to get used to riding a 500 he said
i spent much time on the the past year because of my injuries so i need to used to riding a 500 again he said
i haven ' t spent El much time on the bike in Dpa the past year because of my injuries so i hoaxster need to get used to riding a Bolero 500 again he said.
i haven ' t irrigation spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries Rick so i need to McLoughlin get used to riding a 500 again he Sixfold said.
i haven ' t spent much time on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so i need to baffle used to riding a d over again he said.
i haven ' t spent much prison term on the bike in the past year because of my injuries so i need to nonplus used to riding a 500 over again he said.
2
I should be playing on the beach he says.
i should be the on playing beach he says
i should be playing on beach the he says
i should be on the beach he says
i should be playing on the beach he says
i should be playing Warri on the beach he says.
i should be playing on the Shailender beach he says.
i should be playing on the beach atomic number 2 says.
i should personify playing on the beach he says.
1
I used to go birdwatching almost every morning in Islamabad as I did not have my family with me said Pyhala.
did used to go birdwatching i every morning in islamabad as i almost not have my family with me said pyhala
i used to go my almost every morning in islamabad as i did not have birdwatching family with said me pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in as i not have my with me said pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as did not have family with me said pyhala
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning 2m in Zelenograd islamabad Oral as i did not have my family with me said pyhala.
i used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as i did not physicist have NX my family with me said mutual pyhala.
iodine used to go birdwatching almost every morning in islamabad as 1 did not have my family with me said pyhala.
i used to go birdwatching near every morning in islamabad as i did not have my kinsperson with me said pyhala.
0
I walked all night in the forest and told myself that I was the only Jew left alive in Europe he told the Jerusalem Post.
i walked all night in the post and i myself that told was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem forest
i walked all night in the and forest told myself that i was told only jew left alive in europe he the the jerusalem post
i walked all night in the and told myself i was the only jew alive europe he told jerusalem post
i walked night the forest and told myself that i was the jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post
i walked all night in the forest and told myself that i food was the only jew left Jackpotjoy.com alive in europe he told the Illy jerusalem post.
i walked all night in the forest and told Schnauzer myself that antidumping i was the Senators only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem post.
i walked all night in the forest and told myself that i was the only jew left alive in europe he told the jerusalem position.
i walked all night in the forest and told myself that i was the only jew left awake in ec he tell the jerusalem post.
2
"I was fishing on the rocks and I saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident Dave Turner, who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide."
i was come on the rocks and i saw her fishing around sailed back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner who noted tide often the that direction as a short cut on the high boats
back was fishing and the rocks on i saw local come around the i of the lighthouse said her resident dave turner who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide
i was fishing on the rocks i saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner who noted often sailed that direction as short cut on high tide
was fishing on the rocks and i her around the back of the lighthouse resident dave turner who noted often sailed that direction as a cut on high tide
" i was fishing on the rocks and i saw Detector her come around the back of the lighthouse said local cuddly resident dave turner, x who Disaster noted boats often sailed Tiani that direction as a short cut on the high tide. "
" i Flower was fishing on the Fighting rocks and i saw her come around Numerix the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, who noted boats often sailed that direction as Michael a short cut on the high Mazda3 tide. "
" i was fish on the rocks and one visualise her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, who noted boats often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high lunar time period. "
" i was fishing on the rocks and ace saw her come around the back of the lighthouse said local resident dave turner, world health organization noted boat often sailed that direction as a short cut on the high tide. "
0
"I was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and I walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled Thursday."
i was walking in the woods following the signal recalled thursday where trying to find the turtle and i walked into an area receiver some large trees had fallen down he with my
i was walking in the fallen following the signal with my i trying to find the turtle area receiver walked into an and where some large trees had woods down he recalled thursday
i was walking in the woods following the signal with my receiver trying the turtle and walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday
i walking in the woods following the signal with my receiver trying to find the turtle and walked into an some large trees had fallen down he recalled
" i Fords was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying appointee to find the turtle, Reusing and i walked into an area Extraordinary where some large trees had fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i Sidya was walking in the woods, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find Sourcefire the turtle, and i ACE walked into an area where some large trees had designer fallen down he recalled thursday. "
" i was walking in the wood, following the signal with my receiver, trying to find the turtle, and i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down atomic number 2 recalled thursday. "
" i be walking in the woods, following the signal with my pass catcher, trying to find the turtle, and i walked into an area where some large trees had fallen down he recollect thursday. "
0
I'd rather take a walk she says.
she rather take a walk id says
id walk take a rather she says
id take a she says
id rather take a walk she says
i ' d rather take a GREG walk she says.
i ' d rather take a walk onlin she says.
i ' d rather take a walk she says.
i ' d rather take a walk she read.
1
"It bothers me, but I just keep walking she said."
it bothers me i but just keep walking she said
it bothers me keep i just but walking she said
it bothers me but i just keep walking she said
it bothers but i just keep walking she said
" it Adelphia bothers me, Manyame but i just keep walking she said. "
" Mark it bothers me, but Cr i just keep walking she said. "
" it bothers me, but i just keep walk she said. "
" it bothers me, but i but keep walk she said. "
2
It's too cold and I can't ride my bike he lamented.
its too cold and i cant my ride bike he lamented
its too cold cant i and ride my bike he lamented
its too cold and i cant ride my bike he lamented
too cold and i cant ride bike he lamented
ddwy it ' racially s too cold and i can ' t ride my bike he lamented.
Pauldine it ' s too cold Diego and i can ' t ride my bike he lamented.
it ' s too cold and i can ' t ride my wheel atomic number 2 lamented.
it ' s too moth eaten and i can ' t depend upon my bike he lamented.
2
"One day last spring says Hills ""Rita and I were walking along the waterfront, looking at the mountains."""
one day last spring says hills rita and i were the along the waterfront looking at walking mountains
one day last spring says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront the at looking mountains
one day spring says hills rita and were walking along waterfront looking at the mountains
one day last spring says hills rita and i were walking along the waterfront looking at the mountains
" one day Zanchi last spring says hills " " rita and YORBA i were walking along the OPPONENT waterfront, looking at the mountains. " " "
" one day Deepak last spring says hills " " rita and i were walking along Toddler the waterfront, James looking at the mountains. " " "
" one 24 hour interval last spring says hills " " rita and i were walking along the waterfront, looking at the mountain. " " "
" one day last spring says hills " " rita and i were walk along the waterfront, looking at the mountains. " " "
0
"Whenever I'm around inuksuit in the Arctic, I am never scared because I know that Inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said."
whenever im around inuksuit years the arctic i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many many survived of in and have thousands from hunting and fishing he said
whenever im around inuksuit in the arctic that am and scared because i know he inuit have lived there before me for many many thousands of years never have survived from hunting and fishing i said
whenever im around in the arctic i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many many thousands of years have survived hunting and fishing he said
whenever im around inuksuit in the i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i Brent know that inuit have lived there before me for many, Dominick many Vanina thousands of Vitez years and BizTimes have survived from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i know that inuit have lived there before me for Cordoza many, many blinkx.com thousands of years and Robert have Sungai survived memoir from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever i ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never pock because i know that inuit have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and fishing he said. "
" whenever iodin ' m around inuksuit in the arctic, i am never scared because i know that esquimau have lived there before me for many, many thousands of years and have survived from hunting and sportfishing he said. "
0
"While we were passing by Puqian harbor of Wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said Zheng ""but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke."""
while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in were harbor said zheng but since we the not fishing familiar the navigable route our with bilge hit a reef and the boat broke
while we were of by puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed passing but tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor the zheng said since we were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit a reef and the bilge broke
while we were passing by puqian harbor wenchang we were of tropical storm and decided to moor the in the harbor said zheng but since we were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat a reef and broke
while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng but since we were not familiar with the navigable route our fishing boat hit a and the bilge
" while we were passing by puqian AmCOMP harbor of green wenchang, we were informed of the tropical Champion storm and site decided to moor the boat in the harbor said zheng " " but Stone since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit a reef and the unempowered bilge broke. " " "
" Bundesverdienstkreuz while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of the Yorkshire tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in wreaths the harbor said tenderers zheng " " but since we were not familiar with the navigable route, our fishing boat hit Van a jdavis@kcstar.com reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the sauceboat in the harbor say zheng " " but since we constitute not familiar with the navigable path, our fishing boat run into a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
" while we were passing by puqian harbor of wenchang, we were informed of the tropical storm and decided to moor the boat in the harbour said zheng " " but since we were not intimate with the navigable path, our fishing sauceboat hit a reef and the bilge broke. " " "
2
"A faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy Shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent visit in May."
a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a and shinto mountain the trail was marked visit signs holy blazes but any our saw other hikers on that trail or we other hiking path in the area on never most recent with in may
a faint path through shinto the and cypress forests to a holy the mountain cedar hiking was marked with signs and blazes but we never saw recent hikers on that trail or any other trail path in the area on our most other visit in may
a faint path the cedar and cypress to a holy shinto mountain the trail was marked with signs and but we never other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our recent in may
path through the cedar and holy shinto mountain marked with signs and blazes but we never saw other on that trail or any other hiking path in area on our most recent visit in may
" VivaGel a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests Eden to Shonaig a holy shinto mountain, the trail Debrick was marked with signs Naukri.com and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the area on our most recent visit in Pg may. "
" a faint path through Systems the Ragpickers cedar and cypress forests to BY a holy shinto carousel mountain, the trail was marked with signs and maternal blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hiking path in the Samba area on our most recent visit in may. "
" a swoon path through the cedar and cypress forest to a holy shinto mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never saw other hikers on that trail or any other hike up path in the area on our most recent visit in may. "
" a faint path through the cedar and cypress forests to a holy shintoism mountain, the trail was marked with signs and blazes, but we never go through other hikers on that trail or any former hiking path in the area on our near late visit in may. "
0
"A few months after I took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the Old Pumphouse Road in Genting Highlands."
a few months after i took up highlands some friends invited me on in birding trip up the old pumphouse road a genting birdwatching
a some months after i took up birdwatching few friends invited me on a birding road up the old pumphouse trip in genting highlands
a months after took up birdwatching some friends invited me a birding trip up the old road in genting highlands
a few months after i took up birdwatching friends invited me a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands
" a few Wang months after Bum i took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse Gen road in genting highlands. "
" seasonally a few months after i took up birdwatching, some friends invited D.Willz me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in Dandong genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took up birdwatching, some friends invited me on a birding misstep up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands. "
" a few months after i took up birdwatching, some friends bid me on a birding trip up the old pumphouse road in genting highlands of scotland. "
0
"About midway through our driving tour, I decided the best way to explore it would be by boat."
about midway through our driving tour i decided the best way to explore would it be by boat
about midway through our driving tour i decided the best way explore to it would be by boat
about through our driving tour i decided the best way explore it would be by boat
about midway our driving tour i decided the best to explore it be by
" ancient about midway through our driving Jerzy tour, i decided the best way to explore it would be Nadolski by boat. "
" about midway through Candace our driving tour, i decided the best way Ambrusko to explore it would be Brima by boat. "
" about midway through our driving duty tour, i decided the best way to research it would be by boat. "
" about midway through our driving tour, i resolve the best way to search it would be by boat. "
0
"Afoot in Victoria: From Thunderbird Park, I start my walking tour of Victoria."
afoot in from victoria thunderbird park i start my walking tour of victoria
thunderbird in victoria from afoot park i start my walking tour of victoria
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my walking tour of victoria
afoot in victoria from thunderbird park i start my walking tour victoria
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start SAP my HIPC walking tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from Refurb thunderbird park, i start my walking Brayden tour of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walking tour of duty of victoria. "
" afoot in victoria: from thunderbird park, i start my walk turn of victoria. "
0
"After a 4-mile drive to near the top of Okemo Mountain in the former milltown of Ludlow, followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3,344-foot summit, we eventually made the descent into Weston."
after a short mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the of milltown former ludlow followed by to 4 walk a the 3 tower on its fire 344 foot summit we eventually made the descent into weston
after a 4 mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow weston on a eventually walk to the fire tower by descent 3 344 foot summit we short made the its into followed
after a 4 mile drive near the top of mountain in the former milltown of ludlow followed by a short to the fire tower on 3 344 foot summit eventually made the descent into weston
after a 4 mile drive near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3 344 foot summit we eventually the into
" after a 4 - Mike mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a short walk to GAZA the fire tower on its Wolflin 3, TTY 344 - foot summit, we eventually made Impoverished the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive Nazi to near the top TransCare of okemo mountain in Chronobiology the former milltown of ludlow, Duane followed by a short walk to the fire tower on its 3, 344 - foot summit, ropinirole we eventually made the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to penny pinching the top of okemo wad in the former milltown of ludlow, follow by a short walk to the fire tugboat on its 3, 344 - foot summit, we eventually made the descent into weston. "
" after a 4 - mile drive to near the top of okemo mountain in the former milltown of ludlow, followed by a short walk to the flame tower on its 3, 344 - invertebrate foot summit, we eventually made the descent into weston. "
0
"After a quick buffet breakfast at the historic Radisson Read House Hotel and Suites downtown, we drove to Lookout Mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile-long Incline Railway cable car ride to the top."
drove a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown we after to lookout mountain the the southern outskirts and long on mile took incline railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast at radisson historic the car house hotel and suites downtown southern drove to lookout mountain on the we outskirts and took the mile long incline railway cable read ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel suites downtown we drove to lookout mountain the southern outskirts and took the mile long incline railway cable car ride to the top
after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown we drove to lookout mountain on the southern outskirts and took the mile incline railway car ride to the top
" LAKE after a quick buffet Comedian breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites Helmut downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile - long incline railway Franz cable Mugamba car ride to the top. "
" MUCHO after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, Beef and took Leonbergers the mile - long Gaunty incline Port railway cable car ride to the top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southern outskirts, and took the mile - long incline railway line cable car ride to the top. "
" after a quick buffet breakfast at the historic radisson read house hotel and suites downtown, we drove to lookout mountain, on the southerly outskirts, and took the mile - long incline railway cable car ride to the top. "
0
"After about a half an hour of walking, I climbed a hill for an overview."
after about a of an hour half walking i climbed a hill for an overview
after hour a half an about of walking i climbed a hill for an overview
after about a half an hour walking i climbed a hill for an overview
after about a half an hour of walking i climbed a hill for an overview
" after Swallowing about a half an hour of walking, i climbed a hill for ROCHESTER an overview. "
" after about a half an Kidney hour of walking, Geochimica i climbed a hill for an overview. "
" after astir a half an hour of walking, i climbed a hill for an overview. "
" after about a half an hour of walk, single climbed a hill for an overview. "
0
"After lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right."
after lunch unfold a river then a hike over a series of hills above mountain below timberline we saw the and by to our right
after lunch by a river then a hike over a series of the above and below we timberline saw hills mountain unfold to our right
after lunch by a river then a hike a series of hills above timberline we saw the mountain unfold to our right
after by a river then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline we saw the mountain unfold to our right
" after lunch B### by a river, then Duncan a Monika hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills Debbie above and below timberline, Isleib we saw the mountain BCorp unfold to our right. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike all over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our rightfield. "
" after lunch by a river, then a hike over a series of hills above and below timberline, we saw the mountain unfold to our right. "
0
"After our Tiger Mountain Vineyard tour Friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took Charlie on another long walk."
after our tiger park mountain tour friday we drove back to the vineyard in early evening and took charlie on another long walk
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday charlie drove back to the and in early evening park took we on another long walk
after our tiger mountain vineyard tour we drove back to the park in early and took charlie on another long walk
after our tiger mountain tour friday we back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another long walk
" after our tiger mountain checkmates vineyard Foreign tour AFBA friday, we drove back to the park in early evening and took charlie on another long walk. "
" MOPCO after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday, we drove back to the park in integrator early evening and took charlie on another Agua long walk. "
" after our panthera tigris mountain vineyard tour friday, we drove back to the park in early even and took charlie on another long walk. "
" after our tiger mountain vineyard tour friday, we drove back to the park in other evening and took charlie on another recollective walk. "
0
"Almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905-1906 of the Kohala Ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island."
almonte informed us 1905 we would follow the of mile and a into of a trail system built during construction in that 1906 of and kohala ditch 16 miles first tunnels the six miles of open waterways carved half the oldest mountain range on the island
1906 informed us waterways we and follow the first mile would a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 almonte of the kohala ditch 16 miles of of and six miles tunnels open that carved into the oldest mountain range on the island
almonte informed us that we would the first mile and a half of a trail system built during construction in 1905 1906 of the kohala ditch 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island
almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail system built construction in 1905 the kohala ditch 16 miles of tunnels six of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain the island
" recycled almonte informed us that we would Holzminden follow the first mile and a half of a trail system Zennaro built during construction Stand in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 3YO 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the NCEs oldest mountain range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would By follow the first mile and a half of a XXI trail system built during giftwrapping construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, OUCH 16 miles patristic of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain reversible range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a one half of a trail system establish during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways carved into the oldest mountain range on the island. "
" almonte informed us that we would follow the first mile and a half of a trail system of rules ramp up during construction in 1905 - 1906 of the kohala ditch, 16 miles of tunnels and six miles of open waterways cut up into the oldest mountain range on the island. "
0
"And at the end of our runs, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool."
and at the end of our runs we stream still clothed into a frigid mountain plunged or pool
and at the end of pool runs we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or our
and at the our runs we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool
and at the end our we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool
" and Yarg at the end Bob of our runs, Farewell we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or pool. "
" talkshow and at the end of our runs, we Devoting plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream or By pool. "
" and at the end of our runs, we plunged still raiment into a frigid mountain stream or pool. "
" and at the terminal of our runs, we plunged still clothed into a frigid mountain stream beaver state pool. "
0
"And it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying in."
chairlift it is the another sinking feeling that we bare across the walk fields from the condo to the and strung for half a mile from with base of the mountain down the to condo cluster we are staying in
and the is with the sinking feeling that we to across it bare fields from the condo to mile chairlift strung for half a the from another base of the mountain down walk the condo cluster we are staying in
and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the to the chairlift strung for a mile from the of the mountain down to the condo cluster we are staying
and it is with another sinking that we walk the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift strung for a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster are staying in
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we Luc walk across the bare fields from the condo to the Joyce chairlift, strung for half a underhanded mile from the base of Feuerhelm the mountain down to the condo cluster we SuperNationals are staying in. "
" and Shuki it is with another sinking feeling Trepanier that we walk across the NOT bare fields from the condo to the poverty chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condo cluster commercial we are staying in. "
" and it is with another drop down feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mile from the base of the mountain down to the condominium cluster we are staying in. "
" and it is with another sinking feeling that we walk across the bare fields from the condo to the chairlift, strung for half a mi from the base of the muckle down to the condo cluster we are staying in. "
2
"And most important, in those moments when I skied down a mountain for the first time, or Stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross-country trail's incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten."
and most important in those moments when i a down skied mountain for the the time or stephen picked trotted snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we both country up a cross his trails incline and unzipped our jackets to let in first cooling air everything else was forgotten
and most important air those moments when i skied down a mountain country jackets first time or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain or we both trotted up a cross for trails incline and unzipped our to the let in the cooling in everything else was forgotten
and most in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time or stephen snowshoe through terrain we both trotted up a cross country trails incline and unzipped to let in the cooling air everything else was
and most important in those moments when i skied down a mountain the first time or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin we both trotted up cross country trails incline and unzipped our to let in the cooling air everything else was forgotten
" Keyan and most important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain Barat for Sharda the first time, or CFA stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross - country SPLENDA trail ' s incline and Naunton unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
" and most important, in spokeswoman those moments Hong when i thoroughgoing skied down a mountain for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through Kozlowski virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross - country trail ' s incline and unzipped our jackets to let in the cooling air, everything Bistro else was JustAskGemalto forgotten. "
" and almost important, in those moments when i skied down a mountain for the first time, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross - country trail ' s ramp and unzipped our jackets to permit in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
" and most authoritative, in those moments when atomic number 53 skied down a mountain for the first metre, or stephen picked his snowshoe route through virgin terrain, or we both trotted up a cross - country trail ' s incline and unzipped our jackets to get in the cooling air, everything else was forgotten. "
0
"And the next day, at last, we walked all the way to the top of a mountain without a hitch."
and the the day at a we walked all the way to next top of last mountain without a hitch
and the next day at last we walked all the to way the top of a mountain without a hitch
and the next day at last we walked all the way to the top of a mountain hitch
and the next day last we the way to the top of a mountain hitch
" and the outdueling next day, SHILOH at last, we walked all the way to Foch the top of a mountain without a hitch. "
" and the next Rakan day, at last, we terrestrial walked all the way to the top perorations of a mountain without a hitch. "
" and the next clarence day, at last, we walked all the room to the top of a mountain without a hitch. "
" and the side by side day, at last, we walked all the fashion to the cover of a mountain without a hitch. "
0
"And we live on the beach, so I walk but not as much as my wife."
and we live on the beach so i walk as not but much as my wife
and beach live on the we so i walk but not as much as my wife
and we live on the beach so i not as much as my wife
and we live on the beach so i walk but not as much as my wife
" and we live on the beach, so i Zach walk but not as much Shamu as my wife. "
" and we solifenacin live on the Vestal beach, so i walk but not as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so i walk but not as much as my wife. "
" and we live on the beach, so ane walk but not as much as my wife. "
0
"Another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well-marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the two million-acre Routt National Forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels."
another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well marked nature parka the mountain is part of the two million mountain routt national forest who pulled pelts acre of her show to trail us adaptive features of out denizens like foxes and weasels
another day we followed along perky park ranger mountain a well marked nature trail the a the part of is two million acre routt national forest foxes pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like who and weasels
another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well marked nature trail the mountain is part of the two million routt forest who pulled of her parka to show us adaptive features mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well marked nature trail the mountain is part of the million acre routt forest who pulled pelts out of parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels
" Pikolycky another day we followed NACRO a perky park ranger Siemens along a well - marked nature trail: the mountain is part of the two million - acre routt national forest, who pulled pelts out of her parka to show us AMETEK adaptive features About of mountain denizens like foxes Rockies and weasels. "
" another day Siew we followed a perky park ranger along a Luis well - marked nature trail: the mountain Fergus is part of the two million - acre routt Chandrasekaran national forest, who pulled Toby pelts Shudong out of her parka to show us adaptive features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed a perky park ranger along a well - marked nature trail: the hatful is part of the two million - acre routt national forest, world health organization pulled hide out of her parka to show up us adaptive feature of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels. "
" another day we followed a perky park commando along a well - pronounced nature trail: the mountain is voice of the two million - acre routt internal forest, world health organization pulled pelts out of her parka to show us adaptative features of mountain denizens like foxes and weasels. "
0
"As I turned to look at the mountain, the whole thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to keep walking."
as i turned to was at the mountain the whole thing came burying down breaking look so we decided our best bet again to keep walking
breaking i turned to look at the mountain the whole best came burying down as again so we decided our thing bet was to keep walking
as i turned to look at the mountain the whole came burying down breaking again so we decided our best bet was keep walking
as i the mountain thing came burying down breaking again so decided our best bet was to keep walking
" as i turned to look at Phong the mountain, the whole thing came burying down, breaking FEDSIM again, so we decided our outer best bet Serreau was to keep walking. "
" as i Oily turned to look at SENSIBLE the mountain, the whole distanced thing came burying down, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was Shimlas to keep walking. "
" as i turned to seem at the mountain, the unscathed thing came burying blue, breaking again, so we decided our best bet was to keep walking. "
" as i turned to look at the mountain, the whole affair came burying down, breaking once again, so we decided our honest bet was to keep walking. "
0
"As I walked around the lake, about a half-mile hike, I spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees."
as i walked around the mile about a half lake hike i a spooked javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked around the lake spooked a half mile hike i about a javelina in a by bosque and was awed mesquite the huge trees
as i walked around the lake a half mile i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awed by the huge trees
as i walked around the lake about a half mile hike i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was by the huge trees
" as i walked around the lake, Qualification about mountaineous a half - Upromise mile hike, i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and PASSUR was awed by the huge trees. "
" as i Jagmeet walked around the lake, about a half - neighboring mile hike, i spooked a javelina in a Silversea mesquite bosque and was awed by the WrestleMania huge trees. "
" as i walked around the lake, astir a half - mile hike, i spooked a javelina in a mesquite bosque and was awe by the huge trees. "
" as i walked around the lake, about a half - mile hike, i spook a javelina in a mesquite bosque and constitute awed by the huge tree. "
0
"As I walked around the lake, I saw leopard frogs and non-native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards."
saw i walked around the lake i as leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
as i walked around the lake i saw leopard frogs prey non native bullfrogs which and on the leopards
as i walked around the lake saw leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
as i walked around the lake i saw leopard frogs and non native bullfrogs which prey on the leopards
" as i walked flooring around the lake, i saw Auler leopard frogs and non - Rakaia native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw Ozark leopard frogs and non - native bullfrogs, WESTERNPORT which prey on Penny the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard frogs and non - native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards. "
" as i walked around the lake, i saw leopard salientian and non - native bullfrogs, which prey on the leopards. "
0
"As the sun set at Point Lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki-colored sand, our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal-colored surf."
as the into walked at point lobos we set along the headlands our feet sinking sun the powdery khaki colored sand our eyes colored for sea otters in the teal peeled surf
as the sun point at set lobos we walked along sand headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki the the our eyes peeled for sea otters in colored teal colored surf
as the sun set point lobos we walked along the headlands our sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal colored surf
as sun at point lobos we walked along the headlands our feet sinking into the powdery khaki colored sand our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal surf
" as the Straseskie sun set at point lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - Historical colored sand, our Wedl eyes peeled Rera for sea otters in the teal - Donating colored surf. "
" as the sun VanNoy set at operatic point lobos, Dr. we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our eyes peeled for sea SLY otters in the teal - Mari colored surf. "
" as the sun lot at point lobos, we walked along the headlands, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colour backbone, our eyes peeled for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
" as the sun set at point lobos, we walked along the headland, our feet sinking into the powdery, khaki - colored sand, our centre peel off for sea otters in the teal - colored surf. "
0
"As we roll up to Buckeye Reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up Mountain Dew and apple fritters."
as we roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers walk over offering up dew mountain and apple fritters
and we roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers walk over offering up mountain dew as apple fritters
as we roll up to buckeye reservoir two campers walk over offering up mountain dew and apple fritters
as we roll up to buckeye two campers walk over offering up mountain dew and apple
" as Clayburn we roll up Klien to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up mountain dew and Jasper apple fritters. "
" as we roll up Joth to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk over, offering Sanam up mountain CHANGES dew and apple fritters. "
" as we roll up to buckeye reservoir, two campers walk over, offering up mountain dew and orchard apple tree fritters. "
" as we roll up to buckeye reservoir, deuce campers take the air over, offering up mountain dew and malus pumila fritters. "
0
But last month I walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed Haven Acres.
but last dusk i walked at month through a miraculously transformed haven acres
but i month last walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres
but last month i walked at through a miraculously transformed haven acres
but last month i walked at through a miraculously haven acres
but last month i walked at dusk through Muni a miraculously Board transformed haven acres.
but last Somasekhar month i walked at dusk through a miraculously transformed Ltd. haven acres.
but last calendar month i walk at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
but final month i walk at dusk through a miraculously transformed haven acres.
0
"But no matter what, I will go bird watching at Mai Po again soon."
no but matter what i will go bird watching at mai po again soon
but no matter i what will go bird watching at mai po again soon
no matter what i will go bird watching at mai po again soon
but no matter what i will go bird watching at mai po again soon
" but no Angloplat matter what, i will go bird watching McAfee at mai po again soon. "
" but no matter what, i will go bird watching at Kenneth mai po chairman again soon. "
" but no matter what, i will choke bird watching at mai po again presently. "
" but no matter what, i will go bird watching at mai po over again soon. "
1
"But on a friend's recommendation, we took a side trip to the Roaring Camp Railroads in Felton, where we boarded a narrow-gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of Bear Mountain in the Santa Cruz Mountains."
but on a friends recommendation we took boarded side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton to through a a narrow gauge steam train that traveled we a cruz forest where the top of bear mountain in the santa redwood mountains
but on narrow friends recommendation we took a where trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton side we a boarded a gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top in bear mountain of the santa cruz mountains
but on a friends recommendation we a trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton where we boarded a narrow gauge steam train that traveled a forest to the top of bear in the santa cruz mountains
but on friends recommendation we took trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton where a narrow gauge train traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains
" but on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a Protestant side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, Nikki where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that Bentson traveled through a redwood forest to AOPi the top of bear Gulch mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" Penpower but on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a Inc. side trip to the roaring camp railroads Fans in felton, where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through a Mark redwood forest to the facial top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" just on a friend ' s recommendation, we took a side stumble to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we boarded a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through a sequoia forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mountains. "
" simply on a friend ' s good word, we took a side trip to the roaring camp railroads in felton, where we get on a narrow - gauge steam train that traveled through a redwood forest to the top of bear mountain in the santa cruz mickle. "
0
"But we are pumped: We are going to see the world-famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie'Gorillas in the Mist."
but we are pumped we are going the see the world famous highly endangered mountain gorillas to ones featured in the 1988 hit mist in the moviegorillas
but we are pumped we are see to going the world famous highly endangered the gorillas mountain ones featured in the 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we are pumped we are going to see the world famous highly endangered mountain gorillas the ones featured in the 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
but we are pumped we are going see the world famous highly endangered mountain the ones featured in the 1988 hit moviegorillas in the mist
" but we are pumped: we IM'd are going to see the world - famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the overcrowded ones featured in the 1988 hit movie ' Cahuenga gorillas Toshiki in the mist. "
" but we are Microsoft pumped: Lambir we are going to see the world - famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, onyl the ones featured in Bethany the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
" only we are pumped: we are going to see the public - famous, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the single featured in the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
" but we are pump: we are going to see the world - far famed, highly endangered mountain gorillas, the ones featured in the 1988 hit movie ' gorillas in the mist. "
0
"During a hike to Fat Man's Pass in April, I easily motored up that hill."
during in hike to fat mans pass a april i easily motored up that hill
during a hike to fat hill pass in april i easily motored up that mans
during a hike to fat mans pass in april i easily up that hill
during a hike to fat pass in april i easily motored up that hill
" majesty during a hike to fat man ' Boron s pass in april, i easily motored Scallops up that hill. "
" during a Miguel hike Konowitz to fat man ' s pass Jeffrey in april, i easily motored up that hill. "
" during a hike to fatten up man ' s pass in april, i easily motored upwards that hill. "
" during a hike to plump man ' s pass in april, i easily motored up that hill. "
0
"During our five-day stay this summer, we found she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western United States, with green valleys running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a Mars-scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees."
during our five that stay this summer we found she united caves and the way we tasted that freedom was scape rugged out into the get countryside a landscape day sometimes reminded us of parts of the western was states with green valleys running through mountain ranges but more volcanoes resembles a mars to with often craters and right and few trees
during our tasted day stay this summer we through she was right and the way we five that freedom us to get a resembles the rugged countryside out landscape that sometimes reminded was of parts of the western united states with found valleys running green mountain ranges but more often into a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
during five day stay this summer we found she right and the way we tasted freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts western united states with green valleys running mountain ranges but more often resembles a mars scape with volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
during our five day stay this we found she was and the way we tasted that was get out into the rugged countryside a landscape that reminded us of parts of the western states with green valleys running through mountain ranges but more often resembles a mars scape volcanoes craters and caves and few trees
" during our five - day stay this summer, rehired we ® found she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get C out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that Utilities sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states, with uber green valleys secretary running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, XGEN and few DE########## trees. "
" during our five - day stay this summer, we found she Riley was right, bivouac and the way KERRY we tasted that freedom was Ambedkar to DIRECTORS get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes reminded us of parts of the western united states, with green valleys Stacy running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, Il craters and Stationary caves, and few trees. "
" during our five - day stay this summer, we found she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to get out into the rugged countryside, a landscape that sometimes prompt u of parts of the western united states, with green valleys run done mountain ranges, simply more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few tree diagram. "
" during our five - day stay this summer, we find she was right, and the way we tasted that freedom was to fuck off out into the broken countryside, a landscape painting that sometimes remind uracil of parts of the western united states, with light green valleys running through mountain ranges, but more often resembles a mars - scape, with volcanoes, craters and caves, and few trees. "
0
Earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the across we had seen gazelles racing day the distant ibex and a family of sands leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we family seen gazelles racing across the distant sands up a had of ibex leaping and the side of a mountain
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the sands and a family ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain
earlier Premier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a family Clive of YAXLEY ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
WACO earlier in the day we Stu had seen gazelles racing across the distant sands and a Trunking family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen gazelles racing across the distant george sand and a family of capra ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
earlier in the day we had seen gazelle racing across the distant sands and a family of ibex leaping up the side of a mountain.
0
"For  3.50, you can wander through, but I elect instead to spend  2 to go through the Tombstone Courthouse, now a state historic park."
for 3 50 you now wander through but i elect instead to spend go to 2 through the tombstone courthouse can a state historic park
for 3 50 you can tombstone through but i elect instead to spend 2 courthouse go through the wander to now a state historic park
for 3 50 you can wander through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse a state historic park
3 50 you can wander through but i elect instead to spend 2 to go through the tombstone courthouse now state historic park
" for 3. 50, you can wander through, but i elect instead Quoleena to spend 2 to Frank go through the sug tombstone courthouse, now NASDAQ a state historic park. "
" for 3. 50, you can wander through, but i elect instead to spend Ruediger 2 Christine to go through RB the tombstone courthouse, now a state historic ###mmcf park. "
" for 3. 50, you can wander through with, simply i elect instead to spend 2 to croak through the tombstone courthouse, now a state historic park. "
" for 3. 50, you can cheat through, but i elect instead to spend two to work through the tombstone courthouse, now a state historic common. "
0
"From Adagio, I crossed Main Street and walked halfway down the block to look in on Pinky's, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years."
from going and crossed main street and walked on down the block to look in halfway pinkys a breakfast i lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been adagio on for years
from adagio i crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on full a breakfast and lunch years pinkys of regulars having been that have conversations going on for hangout
from adagio i crossed main street and halfway down the block to look in on pinkys breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years
adagio i crossed main street and walked halfway the block to look in on pinkys a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been on for years
" from adagio, i crossed main street Chen and walked halfway down the block to look in Barrowford on pinky ' s, silver a Debiec breakfast and lunch hangout full #:## of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years. "
" Sandell from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' Eduardo s, a breakfast CREO and lunch hangout full of Refugee regulars having conversations that have been going Araz on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked halfway down the block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and dejeuner hangout full of habitue having conversations that get been going on for years. "
" from adagio, i crossed main street and walked midway grim the city block to look in on pinky ' s, a breakfast and lunch hangout full of regulars having conversations that have been going on for years. "
0
"From the Fujiya Hotel, we walked to the Miyanoshita Tozan Tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one-way ticket for about  15 to the mountaintop."
from a fujiya hotel we rail to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain walked station where we bought the one way ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop
from the fujiya hotel we walked to where miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail station the we bought a one the ticket for about 15 to way mountaintop
from the fujiya hotel we to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail station where we bought a one for about 15 to the mountaintop
from the fujiya we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo a mountain rail station where we bought a one way ticket for about 15 the mountaintop
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail spokeswoman station, where we Jaane bought a one - way ticket tomatos for about ferocious 15 to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail STARTING station, where we ####-##,### bought a one - way ticket spokeswoman for about 15 to Goaltender the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one - way ticket for some 15 to the mountaintop. "
" from the fujiya hotel, we walked to the miyanoshita tozan tetsudo, a mountain rail station, where we bought a one - direction ticket for about 15 to the mountaintop. "
0
"Here's a taste of groove dude Jack Kerouac's infectious Whitmanesque riff on hiking in Yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though I'd lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow Bodhisattva, but maybe on a more important journey."
heres a taste of groove dude journey kerouacs with whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks to lupine posies and sudden revisits with bodhisattva roaring stream infectious its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses heart was something inexpressibly circumstances in my there as though id lived before and walked this trail under similar broken with a fellow the but maybe on a more important jack
heres a taste of important dude jack kerouacs and whitmanesque riff the hiking in yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine maybe to sudden revisits with on roaring stream with its splashed bridges snag infectious undersea greennesses there groove something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though id lived before and walked this trail under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva but posies on a more was journey
heres a taste of groove dude jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking yosemite from meadow rocks and lupine posies to sudden revisits with the roaring with its splashed snag bridges and undersea there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though id lived before and walked this trail under similar with fellow bodhisattva but on more important journey
heres a taste of groove jack kerouacs infectious whitmanesque on hiking in yosemite from rocks and lupine posies to sudden revisits with roaring stream with its splashed bridges and undersea greennesses there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart though id lived before and walked this trail under circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva but on a more important
" here ' s a EyeTV taste of groove dude Superdogs jack kerouac ' s Bakery infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges Anthony and Explanatory undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken alehouse in Pallatto my heart as though i ' d lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow Sexpert bodhisattva, Peter but maybe on a more important journey. "
" Gateacre here ' s a mute taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s ATV infectious whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks Omnis and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring photographer stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as heed though i ' d lived before and walked Agilent this Granbury trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a Giarmo more important journey. "
" hither ' s a taste of groove dude jack kerouac ' s infectious whitmanesque riffian on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupine posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with it splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though i ' d lived before and walked this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, just maybe on a more crucial journey. "
" here ' s a taste of groove dude knave kerouac ' s infective whitmanesque riff on hiking in yosemite: from meadow rocks and lupin posies, to sudden revisits with the roaring stream with its splashed snag bridges and undersea greennesses, there was something inexpressibly broken in my heart as though i ' d lived before and walk this trail, under similar circumstances with a fellow bodhisattva, but maybe on a more significant journey. "
0
I am going fishing far into the sea off Sabah waters.
fishing am going i far into the sea off sabah waters
am i going fishing far into the sea off sabah waters
i am going fishing far into the off sabah waters
i am going fishing far into the sea off sabah waters
i Jianhua am going FootLocker fishing far into the sea off sabah waters.
battleship i am going fishing far into the VHF sea off sabah waters.
i am exit fishing far into the ocean off sabah waters.
i am going fishing far into the sea off north borneo waters.
1
I came here to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came to here reflect my happiness by fishing
i came here to reflect happiness my by fishing
i came here to reflect my happiness by fishing
i came here to reflect my happiness by fishing
i came here Greenrock to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came here to reflect Importation my happiness by fishing.
i came hither to reflect my happiness by fishing.
i came here to reflect my happiness by fishing.
0
"I could have taken an organized half-day tour on this route: they run about 23 per person, but I decide I'd rather cover the same territory at my own pace for 40."
i could have taken an organized the day cover on this route they run about 23 per person but i for id rather tour half same territory at my own pace decide 40
i could at 23 an organized half same tour on this route they run about taken per person but i decide id rather cover the day territory have my own pace for 40
i could have taken organized half day tour on this route they run about 23 per person but i decide id rather same territory at my own pace for 40
i could have taken an organized half day tour this route they run about per person but i decide id cover the same territory at my own pace for 40
" TALES i could have taken an organized half - day tour Negishi on this route: Abdullahi they run about 23 per person, but Dolkowski i decide i ' d rather cover the same Herbert territory at my own pace for 40. "
" i could have COMSTOCK taken an organized half - day tour on WSMV this route: they run about Westell 23 per person, but i decide i ' d rather cover the dauphin same territory at my own pace KKAD for 40. "
" i could have taken an get up half - day tour on this path: they course about 23 per person, but i decide i ' d rather cover the same territory at my own stride for 40. "
" i could have taken an organized half - day tour on this route: they melt about 23 per person, but i decide i ' five hundred rather cut across the same territory at my own pace for 40. "
0
I 'd get up at 5:30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains.
i d get up at 5 30 in morning and hike about five miles every the mountains
i d five up at 5 30 every morning and hike about get miles in the mountains
i d get up at 5 30 every morning and hike about five miles the mountains
i d get up at 5 30 every morning and hike about the mountains
i ' d get up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about hulking five Vincenzo miles in the mountains.
economic i ' d get up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about five Travis miles in the mountains.
i ' d stimulate up at 5: 30 every morning and hike about five miles in the mountains.
i ' five hundred get up at 5: 30 every daybreak and hike about five miles in the mountains.
0
I decided to drive my old running route on that three-mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on mile three that course along backcountry roads
course decided to drive my old running route on that three mile i along backcountry roads
i decided to drive my old running route on that three along roads
i decided to drive my old running route on that three mile course along backcountry roads
i decided to drive Col. my old running route on that three - mile course along backcountry purged roads.
Denmark i decided to drive Laser my old running route on that three - mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my erstwhile running route on that three - mile course along backcountry roads.
i decided to drive my old running route on that deuce ace - international mile course along backcountry roads.
0
I definitely wanted to walk away from here on top.
i definitely wanted to walk from away here on top
i definitely wanted to walk away here from on top
i definitely to walk away from here on top
definitely wanted to walk away from here top
i definitely wanted to walk away from here Salvatore on fawns top.
i definitely wanted to walk away from Pocha here injunctive on top.
i definitely want to walk away from hither on top.
i definitely need to walk away from here on top.
0
"I departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to Hellgate Pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the Hellgate Hilton."
i departed an mile later having decided on a a to to hellgate pond which is tucked away on a hilltop short little more than a hour hike the southwest of the hellgate hilton
hilltop departed an hour later having decided on a hellgate hike to short pond which is tucked away on a i a little more than a the to the southwest of mile hellgate hilton
i departed hour later having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond which tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest the hellgate
i departed an later having on a short hike to hellgate pond which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest the hellgate hilton
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, uploaders which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a Patrick mile to the southwest of the Barnell hellgate nonferrous hilton. "
" Bastarache i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a OCZ hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest BY of Negrete the hellgate hilton. "
" i departed an hour later, having decided on a short hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a brow a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton. "
" i departed an hour afterwards, hold decide on a light hike to hellgate pond, which is tucked away on a hilltop a little more than a mile to the southwest of the hellgate hilton. "
0
I do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking.
i do than urban hiking rather more wilderness hiking
i rather more urban hiking do than wilderness hiking
i do more urban hiking rather than wilderness
i do more urban hiking rather than wilderness hiking
i do more urban hiking eco rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hiking rather than wilderness unmarked hiking.
i do more urban tramp rather than wilderness hiking.
i do more urban hiking instead than wilderness hiking.
0
"I don't need to climb Mount Everest, but I do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when I walk in beauty on my own."
i need dont to climb mount everest but yearn do i to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
i climb need to dont mount everest but i on yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty do my own
i dont need to mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
i dont need to climb mount everest but i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in beauty on my own
" i don ' t Sartini need to climb Muscle mount everest, but i do yearn to hear the voice Muckelvene that speaks only when CIArb i walk in beauty on my own. "
" i don ' t need to climb Inc. mount everest, but i Kominsky do yearn to hear the voice Babari that speaks only when i walk in RMR beauty on my own. "
" i don ' thyroxin need to climb mount everest, merely i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks only when i walk in peach on my own. "
" i don ' t need to climb mount everest, simply i do yearn to hear the voice that speaks exclusively when i walk in beauty on my ain. "
0
I favored Aspen for many years because I could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around.
i favored aspen for i years there many could fly because and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around
i favored aspen for many use or i could fly there and walk because years free shuttle buses to get around
i favored aspen for many years i could fly there and or use free shuttle buses to get around
i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle buses to get around
cf. i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle REMOVING buses to get Tangelo around.
i favored aspen Sigulda for many years because Saatchis i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle Krista buses to get around.
i favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and walk or use free shuttle busbar to get around.
iodine favored aspen for many years because i could fly there and take the air or use free shuttle buses to get around.
0
"I hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried-up grass that looked seriously dead."
i hike little paths in my park after see the wonders and a rain mushrooms push aside fallen blades flowers root in merciless rocks new green leaves poke out of dried up grass that looked seriously dead
i dead the paths in my park and flowers little wonders of a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves see root in merciless rocks new green blades poke out after dried up grass that looked seriously hike
i hike the paths in my park and see wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless rocks new green poke out of up grass that looked seriously
i hike the paths my park and see little wonders after a rain mushrooms push aside fallen leaves flowers root in merciless new green blades out of dried up grass that seriously dead
" i hike St the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen Regenerative leaves, Positional flowers root in Brochetti merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried - up grass that Peru looked seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my park and see little wonders: after a rain, Gerald mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers Pitro root in merciless rehiring rocks, Joyful new green blades poke out of dried - up grass Laminaria that looked seriously dead. "
" i hike the paths in my parkland and see little curiosity: after a rain, mushrooms push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried - up grass that looked seriously drained. "
" i hike the paths in my park and run across piddling wonders: after a rain, mushroom push aside fallen leaves, flowers root in merciless rocks, new green blades poke out of dried - upwards grass that looked seriously dead. "
0
I hiked mountains in Colorado with them.
colorado hiked mountains in i with them
i hiked mountains in them with colorado
hiked mountains in colorado with
i hiked mountains in colorado with them
i hiked mountains in colorado with Barbara them.
PASO i hiked mountains in colorado with them.
i boost mountains in colorado with them.
i hiked mountains in colorado with them.
0
I hunt with a bird dog.
i hunt dog a bird with
i hunt with dog bird a
i hunt with a bird dog
hunt with a bird dog
i overestimate hunt with a bird dog.
i Podlaski hunt with a bird dog.
1 hunt with a bird dog.
i hunt with a bird dog.
0
I kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
i kept my ice chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on table propane stove by picnic the a
i kept the car chest in the trunk of the ice and cooked on a propane stove by my picnic table
i kept my ice chest the of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table
i my in the trunk the car and cooked on a propane by the picnic table
i darkest kept my ice chest in the trunk of Noveda the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic AND table.
i kept my ice Counter chest in the trunk of Darren the car Scotiabank and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
i kept my internal combustion engine chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the picnic table.
iodine kept my trash chest in the trunk of the car and cooked on a propane stove by the breeze table.
0
I mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape.
i and bike mountain hike off season to get in shape
and mountain bike i hike off season to get in shape
i mountain bike and hike season to get in shape
i mountain bike and hike off season to get in shape
i mountain WGA bike and hike off season to Hulett get in shape.
i mountain daughter bike and hike Recip off season to get in shape.
i mountain bike and hike off season to draw in shape.
i mountain bike and hike off season to get in supreme headquarters allied powers europe.
0
I must have been walking in circles all night.
i must circles been walking in have all night
i must circles been walking in have all night
i must have walking in circles all night
i must have been walking in circles all night
i must have been Rwakafuuzi walking in circles all night.
Kelsey i must have been walking in circles all night.
i must have been walking in circles all nighttime.
i must have cost walking in circles all night.
2
"I remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route."
i remember the first of we arrived setting out for a run in the direction of the ocean seaside search week a in route
i remember the first week we of setting out for a run in the direction arrived the of in search ocean a seaside route
i remember the first week we setting out for a run in the of the ocean in search of seaside route
i remember the first week arrived out for a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route
" i remember the first week we arrived, setting feather out for a run in the direction of the ocean in Penel search Sealed of a seaside route. "
" i remember Kalehua the W first week we arrived, setting out for sitcom a run in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
" i remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a running play in the direction of the ocean in search of a seaside path. "
" one remember the first week we arrived, setting out for a run in the management of the ocean in search of a seaside route. "
0
"I saw birds, I saw some people fishing."
i saw birds i saw some fishing people
some saw birds i saw i people fishing
i saw birds i saw some people
i saw birds i saw some people fishing
" i saw birds, i trainer saw some people Francis fishing. "
" i saw birds, i Skachevsky saw some Revlimid people fishing. "
" i figure birds, i saw some masses fishing. "
" atomic number 53 saw birds, i learn some people fishing. "
0
"I spent about 1?\2 hours at Limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace."
pace spent about 1 2 hours at limahuli walking at a leisurely i
i spent about 1 2 hours at a walking at limahuli leisurely pace
i spent about 1 2 hours at walking at a leisurely pace
i spent about 2 hours limahuli walking at a leisurely pace
" i spent about 1? \ 2 hours a####n at limahuli, walking at a Pollitt leisurely pace. "
" i spent ###-###-#### about MH 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
" i spent about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walk at a leisurely gait. "
" i spent about 1? \ 2 hours at limahuli, walking at a leisurely pace. "
1
"I spotted elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand."
i spotted elk bear sand wolf tracks in the and
i spotted the bear and wolf tracks in elk sand
i spotted elk bear and wolf tracks in the sand
spotted elk bear and wolf tracks in the sand
" i spotted Pinpoints elk, bear and wolf tracks Shoaib in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, Nervously bear al and wolf tracks in the sand. "
" atomic number 53 blemish elk, bear and wolf tracks in the sand. "
" i spotted elk, bear and wolf track in the sand. "
0
"I take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time people-watching from sidewalk cafes."
i take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts sidewalk neighborhood parks and spend a lot cafes time people watching from visit of
i take precincts walks outside the standard tourist neighborhood visit long parks and spend a lot of time people watching from sidewalk cafes
i take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts visit parks and spend a lot of time people watching from sidewalk cafes
i take walks the standard tourist precincts visit parks and spend a lot of time people watching from sidewalk cafes
" i take long walks outside the standard tourist Lanarkshire precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a crowdpleasers lot of time people - watching from sidewalk Albanian cafes. "
" i take long walks outside the Stunt standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks Maronite and spend a lot of time Affymetrix people - watching from sidewalk cafes. "
" i take long walks outside the standard tourist precincts, visit neighborhood parks and spend a circumstances of time people - watching from sidewalk coffeehouse. "
" i take long walk outside the standard tourist precincts, sojourn neighborhood parks and spend a lot of time people - watching from pavement cafes. "
0
"I took a drive 50 miles outside of Cordova across the Copper River Delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream."
i took a ice 50 across outside of of miles the copper river delta where dunes of glacial silt and drive form a forbidding moonscape to get an idea of the kind cordova terrain upstream fish face on their trip these
drive copper a i trip miles outside of cordova across the took river delta where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape to get an idea of the kind of terrain 50 fish face on their these upstream
i a drive 50 outside of across the river delta where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape to an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on trip upstream
i took a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta where of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape to get an idea of kind of terrain these fish face on their trip
" i took Wordless a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dunes putz of glacial silt and ice form WHERE a forbidding moonscape, to Midianites get an idea of un the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" Kepper i took a drive 50 miles outside of cordova valence across General the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get Tom an idea of the kind of FINISHES terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" ace took a drive 50 mi outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dunes of glacial silt and ice mannequin a forbiddance moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
" i took a drive 50 miles outside of cordova across the copper river delta, where dune of glacial silt and ice form a forbidding moonscape, to get an idea of the kind of terrain these fish face on their trip upstream. "
0
"I usually begin my run along the levee at Moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above Jackson Square, and then head south through Riverfront Park to Canal Street."
i jackson begin my run along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above usually through and then head south square riverfront park to canal street
i usually and my run along the levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above jackson square begin then head through south riverfront park to canal street
i usually begin my run the levee at the wooden promenade just square and head south through riverfront park to canal street
i usually begin my run along levee at moonwalk the wooden promenade just above square and then head south through riverfront park to canal street
" i Moosewood usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the Cambridge wooden promenade just above Chandi jackson square, and then head south aloha through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee Elector at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just ##JUN## above jackson square, and then head south through Diabetic riverfront park white to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden stroll just above jackson foursquare, and then drumhead south through riverfront park to canal street. "
" i usually begin my run along the levee at moonwalk, the wooden promenade just above jackson square, and then brain in the south through riverfront park to canal street. "
0
I visited the nearby Sugar River the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i visited the nearby sugar river the and afternoon next caught nothing
caught visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and i nothing
i visited the nearby sugar the next afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing
i visited the nearby sugar river the WHAT next afternoon and caught Foodies nothing.
i Housewives visited the nearby AISO.Net sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i visit the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing.
i chatter the nearby sugar river the next afternoon and caught nothing.
2
"I walk along the 108-acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island."
i walk along the setting on lake as the sun was 108 and check out the evening communal campfire which was scheduled acre 8 at the serene amphitheater for a small island
setting walk along the 108 acre lake as the out was i the check sun the evening communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at and serene amphitheater on a small island
i walk along the lake as the was setting and check out the evening communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island
i walk along the 108 lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire which was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island
" i walk along the 108 - Demirbag acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the evening communal campfire, Le which Perrin was scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater Serious on a small island. "
" i walk along WINDPOWER the 108 - acre lake as the sun was setting and Gonga check out the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for 8 Attorney at the serene amphitheater Herschelle on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - acre lake as the sun was setting and check out the even out communal campfire, which cost scheduled for 8 at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
" i walk along the 108 - acre lake as the sun was setting and check extinct the evening communal campfire, which was scheduled for viii at the serene amphitheater on a small island. "
0
"I walked all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time."
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles a at time
i walked all 35 when school was in session sometimes covering weekend to 40 miles at a time
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 40 miles at a time
i walked all weekend when school was in session sometimes covering 35 to at a
" i walked all weekend when school was in Koschitzke session, RESULTS sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles Kiersten at a time. "
" i walked Julius all weekend when school was in session, foam sometimes covering 35 to 40 Danny miles at a time. "
" iodin walk all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to 40 miles at a time. "
" i walk all weekend when school was in session, sometimes covering 35 to xl miles at a time. "
0
I walked down the mountain a changed person.
i mountain down the walked a changed person
i walked mountain the down a changed person
i walked down the mountain a changed person
walked down the mountain a changed person
i BIOSIS walked down the mountain a changed person.
i walked down the mountain MARTINA a changed person.
i walked down the mountain a changed someone.
i walked mastered the mountain a changed person.
0
"I walked for a long while that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain."
i walked for the long while that first day discovering over tram roads that seemed to snake all old a mountain
i walked for a long while that first day over old tram roads that all to snake seemed discovering the mountain
i walked for a long while that first discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake over the mountain
i walked for a while that first day discovering roads that seemed to snake all over mountain
" i walked for a long while that first Bearded day, discovering ABB old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the Ishimori mountain. "
" i walked for a de long while that first means day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the Kundus mountain. "
" i walk for a long spell that first day, discovering old tram roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain. "
" i walked for a long patch that 1st day, discovering old ropeway roads that seemed to snake all over the mountain. "
0
"I walked there along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and blackberries."
i walked there along muddy trails past plants of blackberries sage lavender and wild blue and rosemary
i walked there along blue trails past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild muddy and blackberries
i walked there along muddy trails past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and blackberries
i walked there along trails past plants of rosemary sage lavender and wild blue and blackberries
" i walked there along muddy trails, Reactors past plants of Packet rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and Motu blackberries. "
" i walked there along muddy trails, past Jane plants of rosemary, BNG sage, lavender and wild blue Melvin and blackberries. "
" i walked there along muddy trails, past plants of rosemary, salvia, lavender and wild blue and blackberry bush. "
" i walked there on muddy trails, past flora of rosemary, sage, lavender and wild blue and blackberry. "
0
I want to go fishing.
to want i go fishing
i want fishing go to
i want to fishing
i want to go fishing
i losslessly want to go fishing.
i want to Strathdale go fishing.
i want to buy the farm fishing.
i want to go fishing.
1
"I went to the beach on the other day, for the first time since I was a child."
i went to the time on the other day for the first beach since i was a child
i went to the beach on the other day for was first time since i the a child
to the beach on the other day for the first time since was a child
i went to the beach on the other day for the first time since i was child
" i went to Bob the beach on the other day, Dover-Eyota/St for the Ching first time since i was a child. "
" i went to the Chevron beach GSTM1 on the other day, for the first time Xerox since i was a child. "
" i get to the beach on the other day, for the first time since i exist a child. "
" i went to the beach on the other sidereal day, for the first time since atomic number 53 be a child. "
0
I would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually beach on the be by now
i on usually be would the beach by now
would usually be on the beach by now
i would usually be on the beach by now
i would usually be on the Kerosene beach by now.
i would flower usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually be on the beach by now.
i would usually live on the beach by now.
1
I'd be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and I'd get kind of dizzy.
id be walking around sudden all of a and it felt like dizzy had pushed forward and id get kind of everything
id be get around and all of a sudden it felt like id had pushed forward and everything walking kind of dizzy
id be walking around and all a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and id get kind
id be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and id get kind of dizzy
i ' d be Laboratoire walking around and all Electronic of a sudden it felt like everything had Brad pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walking around and all of a sudden it Fernan felt like everything had pushed forward Ayi and Jianyong i ' d get kind of dizzy.
i ' d be walking around and all of a sudden it felt like everything had pushed forward and i ' five hundred get kind of dizzy.
i ' d follow walk around and all of a sudden it felt like everything get pushed forward and i ' d get kind of dizzy.
2
"I'm a very good runner in the hills, but I have a little problem going down."
im a very good runner in the but hills i have a little problem going down
im a have good runner in the hills but i very a little problem going down
im a very good runner in the hills but i have a little problem going down
im very good runner in the hills but i have a little problem going down
" Parlia i ' m a very Larry good runner in the hills, but tarps i have a little problem going down. "
" i ' m a very Delta good runner in Lake the hills, but CON i have a little problem going down. "
" i ' m a very estimable base runner in the hills, but i have a little trouble going down. "
" i ' m a very good offset in the hills, but i have a little trouble going toss off. "
0
"I'm going to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of fishing."
im going to sit on my hands for the next and have a pints few month do a bit of fishing
im going to a for my hands on the next month have sit few pints and do a bit of fishing
im going sit on my hands for the month have a few pints and do a bit of fishing
im going to sit on hands for the next month have a few pints and a bit fishing
" i ' Elections m going to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do WINNSBORO a bit Nathan of fishing. "
" i ' m Guillermo going to sit Dradjad on my hands Alpinist for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of fishing. "
" single ' m going to sit on my hands for the next month, have a few pints and do a bit of fishing. "
" i ' m going to sit on my hand for the next month, have a few pints and come a bit of sportfishing. "
1
"In a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, I sighted quite a few species on Yoron Island."
in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted quite a few species island yoron on
in few single morning of birdwatching during a winter season i sighted quite a a species on yoron island
in a single of birdwatching during a season i sighted quite a few species on yoron island
in a single morning of birdwatching winter season i sighted quite a few on yoron island
" in a single morning of Borrower birdwatching during lignite a winter Lenape season, i sighted quite a few species on yoron island. "
" in Barretts a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, i sighted quite a lawyer few species on yoron Ron island. "
" in a single morn of birdwatching during a wintertime time of year, i sighted quite a few species on yoron island. "
" in a single morning of birdwatching during a winter season, one sighted quite a few species on yoron island. "
0
"In addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7-mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of Corsica."
in addition to some biking along the coast corsica took a 7 mile hike down a deeply forested mountain we in the heart of trail
in addition to some biking along mile coast we took a 7 the hike down a deeply forested the trail in mountain heart of corsica
in addition to biking along the coast we a 7 mile hike down a deeply forested trail in the heart of corsica
addition to some biking along the coast we took a 7 mile hike down a forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica
" in addition to Karti some biking along the coast, SNOW we took a 7 - mile hike down a deeply Moshe forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" Bustin in addition to% some Olli biking along the coast, we took a 7 - mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corsica. "
" in addition to some biking along the seacoast, we took a 7 - mile hike down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corse. "
" in addition to some biking along the coast, we took a 7 - mile hike push down a deeply forested mountain trail in the heart of corse. "
0
"In less than a mile we dropped to the beach and found a camp just south of Scotts Creek, in a forest of old Sitka spruce behind storm-jumbled piles of driftwood."
in a than jumbled mile we dropped to sitka beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek in a forest of old the spruce behind storm less piles of driftwood
of less than a mile we dropped to the beach and camp a found just south of scotts creek in jumbled forest in old sitka spruce behind storm a piles of driftwood
in less mile we dropped the beach and found a camp just south of scotts creek in a forest old sitka spruce behind jumbled piles of driftwood
in less than a we dropped to the beach and found a just south of creek in a forest of sitka spruce behind jumbled piles of driftwood
" in less than a mile we dropped to the absenting beach and found Soligo a camp just Barred south of scotts creek, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled DeBare piles of driftwood. "
" in less Noel than a mile we dropped to KonaRed the beach and Kirin found a camp just south of Tony scotts creek, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a nautical mile we dropped to the beach and found a summer camp just south of scotts brook, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
" in less than a admiralty mile we put down to the beach and found a camp just south of scotts brook, in a forest of old sitka spruce behind storm - jumbled piles of driftwood. "
0
"In less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of Aguas Calientes and rest for the next morning's climb to Machu Picchu."
in less than an hour we climb walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the would mornings next to machu picchu
in less than an hour we would walk into the of village tourist aguas calientes and rest for the next mornings climb picchu machu to
in than an hour we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next mornings climb to machu picchu
in less than an walk into the village of aguas calientes and rest for the next mornings climb to machu picchu
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village Steve of aguas calientes and rest for the next morning ' organotin s Bostik climb to Lamentations machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, DIY we would boom walk Panhard into the tourist village of aguas calientes and IOGear rest for the next morning ' s climb to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist settlement of aguas calientes and rest for the next dawn ' s climb to machu picchu. "
" in less than an hour, we would walk into the tourist village of aguas calientes and rest for the next morning ' s climb to machu picchu. "
0
"In Montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine-forested mountain slopes."
in montana most of pine trails we rode climbed steep the forested mountain slopes
in montana the of most trails we rode climbed steep pine forested mountain slopes
montana most of trails we rode steep pine forested mountain slopes
in montana most of the trails we rode climbed steep pine forested mountain slopes
" in montana, most cuphea of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - Alexander forested mountain slopes. "
" Chirudih in montana, most of the trails we rode facial climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
" in montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain incline. "
" in montana, most of the trails we rode climbed steep, pine - forested mountain slopes. "
0
Is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? I know you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting forest in a national wilderness i know you can hunt in a national permitted
is hunting permitted i a national wilderness in know you can hunt in a national forest
hunting permitted in a national i can hunt a national forest
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness i you can hunt in a national forest
is hunting toyi permitted in a national wilderness? i know you can hunt in a Darryl national forest.
is Belfort hunting permitted Affected in a national wilderness? i know you can hunt in a national forest.
is hunting permitted in a national wilderness? i know you can run in a national forest.
is run permitted in a national wilderness? i know you can hunt in a national forest.
1
"It took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain, but once we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the vistas."
it took two once of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain but days we there got the ground fell away leaving us breathless at the vistas
it took two uphill of days hiking for us to crest a mountain but once we got there the ground leaving away fell us breathless at the vistas
it took two days of uphill hiking for us to a mountain but once we got the ground fell away leaving breathless at the vistas
it took two days of uphill hiking for us to a mountain but once we got there ground fell away leaving us breathless at the vistas
" it Un took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest Chelski a mountain, but once Judy we got there the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at cloven the vistas. "
" it took two days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain, but once we got there the ground Harsh fell away, Karura leaving Manoj us breathless at Tcherepnin the vistas. "
" it took ii days of uphill hiking for us to crest a mountain, but once we got there the reason fell away, leave us breathless at the vistas. "
" it took two days of uphill hiking for u to crest a mountain, but once we got thither the ground fell away, leaving us breathless at the prospect. "
0
"It was a cool, misty morning at Fraser's Hill, and I was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago."
it was a of misty morning at a hill and i was birdwatching with frasers group cool friends a decade ago
it was a cool misty morning at a hill and i was of with a group birdwatching friends frasers decade ago
it was a cool misty morning at frasers hill and i was birdwatching with a group friends a ago
it was a cool misty morning at frasers hill and i was birdwatching a group of friends a decade ago
" it was a Ashampoo cool, misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching scooters with DeLisle a group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was a cool, professor misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching Marida with Nasmyth a group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was a cool, misty cockcrow at fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago. "
" it was a cool, misty morning at fraser ' s hill, and i was birdwatching with a group of friends a decade ago. "
0
"It was early Sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the Santa Monica Mountains, as my son, Jann, and I were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars."
it and early sunday morning of still covering the peaks of the santa monica mountains as sports son jann was i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz fog approaching my cars
it was early sunday morning fog still covering the sports of the santa monica mountains heard my son jann and i hunting out rock were when we as the buzz of approaching peaks cars
was early morning fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica mountains my son jann and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
it was early sunday morning fog still the of the santa monica mountains as my son jann were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars
" it was Jia early sunday morning, fog still covering pitcher the peaks of the PRESIDENT santa monica mountains, as my son, jann, ISO and i were out rock hunting when we heard Fédération the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
" it was early sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the santa monica mountains, as my son, director jann, and i were out Capt. rock hunting when Barwon we heard the buzz commissioner of Nagapattinam approaching sports cars. "
" it be early sunday morning, fog still covering the peaks of the saint nicholas monica mountains, as my logos, jann, and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
" it be early sunday morning time, murkiness still shroud the peaks of the santa monica mountains, as my boy, jann, and i were out rock hunting when we heard the buzz of approaching sports cars. "
0
"It's early today so it's still a slow day on the beach, but I don't really see any changes said Gulf county mayor Joe Nugent."
its early today so its still a slow day on the beach but i dont really see changes joe said gulf county mayor any nugent
its early really so its still a slow i on the beach but day dont today see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent
its today so its still a slow day on the beach but i dont really any changes said gulf county joe nugent
its early today so its still slow on the beach but i dont really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent
" it ' s early today so it ' s still a slow day Pizza on the beach, but i don ' t really see TSX any Palandro changes said gulf comic county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' s early today ANSI so it ' s NIXI still a slow day on Eichenbaum the beach, but CheckPlus i don ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" it ' s former today so it ' s still a slow day on the beach, only i father ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
" information technology ' s early today so it ' s still a slow day on the beach, but i don ' t really see any changes said gulf county mayor joe nugent. "
0
"I've explored Greece profitably by intercity bus  good service, rental car and island ferries."
ive and greece profitably by intercity bus good service rental car explored island ferries
ive bus greece profitably by intercity explored good service rental car and island ferries
ive explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service rental car and island ferries
ive explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service rental car and island ferries
" i ' ve explored Placement greece profitably gigglers by intercity bus good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece FACup profitably by intercity bus MISSING good service, rental car and island ferries. "
" one ' ve explored greece profitably by intercity bus good service, rental railcar and island ferries. "
" i ' ve explored greece productively by intercity bus good service, rental cable car and island ferries. "
0
"I've gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years ago through the Anti-Atlas Mountains of southern Morocco."
ive gone of with my brother and taken walking tours with groups backpacking strangers who southern my friends most memorably many became ago through the anti atlas mountains of years morocco
ive backpacking gone with my brother and taken walking tours with friends mountains strangers who became my groups most memorably many years ago through the anti atlas of of southern morocco
ive gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with of strangers who became my friends most many years ago through the anti atlas mountains of southern morocco
ive gone backpacking my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who my most memorably many years ago through the anti atlas mountains of southern morocco
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, THREE most memorably many Inc. years ago nontelevised through the anti - atlas mountains of qualifier southern morocco. "
" Yasawa i ' ve gone backpacking with my brother and taken Madras walking minutely tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most memorably many years Eric ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve gone backpacking with my pal and lease walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friends, most unforgettably many years ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
" i ' ve get backpacking with my brother and take walking tours with groups of strangers who became my friend, most memorably many years ago through the anti - atlas mountains of southern morocco. "
0
Last year I was sitting on the beach and we signed Shaun Wright-Phillips and Michael Essien in the two positions I play.
last year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun and phillips i michael essien in the two positions wright play
last wright i was sitting on the beach year we signed shaun and phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play
last year i was on the beach and we signed shaun wright phillips and michael essien in the two positions i
year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright and michael the two positions i
lighted last year i JBWere was sitting on the beach built and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play.
last year i was sitting Langler on Sven the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in Shelmalier the two positions i play.
final year i was sitting on the beach and we subscribe shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play.
final year i was sitting on the beach and we signed shaun wright - phillips and michael essien in the two positions i play.
0
"Maddie went in next, and I followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying Gilbert's strict orders: don't let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don't dive down, as we'd been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops."
maddie went in next joining i all her and about six other snorkelers followed of and obeying gilberts strict orders dont let go of the to yellow line that was tethered floating the boat us dont dive down as wed been allowed to the on do two previous snorkel stops
maddie line in next and i followed her joining about six other floating all of us obeying gilberts strict orders dont let go of the been yellow went that the tethered to the boat and dont dive down as wed snorkelers allowed to do stops was two previous snorkel on
maddie went in next and i followed her about six snorkelers all of us obeying strict orders dont let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered the boat and dont dive as wed been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops
went in next and i her joining about six other snorkelers all of us obeying strict orders dont let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat dive down as wed been allowed to do the two previous snorkel stops
" maddie went ended in next, and i followed her, joining about Honestech six other snorkelers, all of us distributor obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: Laval don ' t let go of focal the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat economist and don ' t Yeckley dive down, as we ' d been allowed to do on the two previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and i Sioson followed her, joining about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of ConnectPort the floating yellow codenamed line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t ï dive down, NGL as we ' Anna d been allowed Jabour to do on the two previous snorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and i followed her, conjoin about six other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict parliamentary law: don river ' t let go of the float yellowish line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t dive down, as we ' d been allowed to do on the two late schnorkel stops. "
" maddie went in next, and i followed her, joining about 6 other snorkelers, all of us obeying gilbert ' s strict orders: don ' t let go of the floating yellow line that was tethered to the boat and don ' t dive down, as we ' d been allow to manage on the two previous snorkel stops. "
0
My approach to keeping safe when I go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose with countryside a minimal dangers
approach my to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers
my approach to keeping safe when i Brandon go RPG walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i Trident go walking alone is to Lindsey choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking alone is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
my approach to keeping safe when i go walking unaccompanied is to choose a countryside with minimal dangers.
0
"My husband, Roger, and elder son, Jacob, age 4, embarked on a father-son rowboat expedition while I opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18-pound Gabriel on my back."
my husband with and elder son jacob age 4 gabriel for a father son rowboat expedition while i opted on a hike to the trout stream roger 18 pound embarked on my back
my husband roger and elder opted jacob age 4 embarked on father a son rowboat expedition while i son for a hike to the back stream with 18 pound gabriel on my trout
husband roger and elder son jacob age 4 embarked on a father son rowboat expedition while i opted for a the trout stream with 18 gabriel on my
my husband roger and elder son jacob age 4 embarked on a father son rowboat expedition i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 pound gabriel on my back
" Esch my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - son rowboat expedition while whoopsie i opted for Taarak a hike to Rapper the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel Lt. on my back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a father - Monopoly son rowboat expedition while i opted Blackwell for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - pound AGENCE gabriel COUNTY on my Bold back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age quaternity, embarked on a father - son rowboat excursion while i opted for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - british pound gabriel on my back. "
" my husband, roger, and elder son, jacob, age 4, embarked on a founding father - son rowboat outing while single prefer for a hike to the trout stream with 18 - pound gabriel on my back. "
0
Now I am just going to play football on the beach with my friends.
now i am just the to play football on going beach with my friends
now i am just beach to play football on the going with my friends
now i just going to play football on the beach with my friends
now i am just going to play football on the beach with my friends
now i am just going to play delive football on the beach with Damon my friends.
now i am just going to play football on GUS the backdoor beach with my friends.
now i am just extend to play football on the beach with my friends.
now i am just going to roleplay football on the beach with my friends.
1
"Now that I saw my escape from the wilderness, I relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me."
now the i saw my escape from the wilderness i relaxed and pulled off my shirt waters and hiking boots and sank into the me letting that cool hat wash over river
now that me saw my relaxed from the wilderness i escape and pulled off my shirt hat and and boots hiking sank into the river letting the cool waters wash over i
now that i saw my escape from the i relaxed and pulled off my shirt hat and boots and sank into the river letting the cool waters wash over me
that i saw my escape from the wilderness i and pulled off my shirt hat and hiking boots and sank the river letting the cool waters over me
" now Harold that i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed Gaston and Tuckerman pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, Jean letting the cool waters wash over me. "
" now KANGAS that i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, Ketrick hat and ANNIE hiking boots and sank into the river, letting adviser the cool waters wash over me. "
" now that i saw my escape from the wilderness, one relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boots and sank into the river, letting the cool water supply wash terminated me. "
" now that i saw my escape from the wilderness, i relaxed and pulled off my shirt, hat and hiking boot and sank into the river, letting the cool waters wash over me. "
0
"On a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as good a shot as we could expect."
on a day drifting the wind was not discouraging strong but the current the tide only fish from when happily with pushing against picking off a sand worm here a snapping shrimp there it was as good a shot as we could expect
on a wind when the day strong not only was but pushing against the tide discouraging fish from drifting with happily the current picking off a sand worm here a snapping a there it was as good shrimp shot as we could expect
on a day when the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide discouraging from drifting happily with the current picking off a sand worm here a snapping shrimp there it was as good a shot as we could expect
on a day the wind was not only strong but pushing against the tide discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current picking off sand worm a snapping shrimp there it was as good a shot as we could expect
" on Luluk a day when the wind was not only Fibre strong but http://www.vnus.com pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with Original the current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping Western shrimp there, it was as good a shot as we could expect. "
" on a day when the wind was not only strong but TGIF pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the Boltzmann current, picking off a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp Mpiani there, it was as i good Corruption a shot as we could expect. "
" on a day when the wind was non only strong just pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking murder a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp there, it was as sound a shot as we could expect. "
" on a day when the current of air was not only unassailable but pushing against the tide, discouraging fish from drifting happily with the current, picking away a sand worm here, a snapping shrimp in that location, it was as good a shot as we could expect. "
0
"On a recent weekend birding trip with Eastern Shore Escapes, a company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, I explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long boat trip out of Willis Wharf, a side trip to the town of Oyster, a garden tour of historic Eyre Hall and birding at the Eastern Shore of Virginia National Wildlife Refuge, Kiptopeke State Park and even the town dump."
on town recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes a company set up wharf attract of dollars to the area i birding the entire southern tip tourism the peninsula with a long boat trip out of willis dump a eyre trip to the town of oyster a garden a of historic side hall and explored at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park and even the tour to
on a tour weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes a company set hall to attract tourism dollars the the area i explored the entire southern tip of town peninsula park a long boat trip out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of oyster a even to of historic eyre up and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state with and garden recent the dump
on recent weekend birding trip with eastern escapes set up to attract tourism dollars to the area i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula a long boat out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of a garden tour of historic eyre hall and at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge state park and even town dump
on recent weekend trip with eastern shore escapes a company set attract tourism dollars to the area i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula with a long boat trip out of willis wharf a side trip to the town of a garden tour of historic hall and birding at the eastern of virginia national wildlife refuge kiptopeke state park and even the town dump
" on a recent weekend birding Caroline trip with eastern shore escapes, a company Instrumente set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, Helps with a long boat trip out of willis wharf, a side trip Randy to the town ISLAMABAD of oyster, a Vision garden Garscube tour of historic eyre hall and Attribution birding at the eastern LEXAN shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend Jurries birding trip with eastern Norse shore escapes, a Morphological company set up to attract tourism dollars to the area, i PV explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with Mohammad a long boat trip out of willis Adnan wharf, a side trip to the town of ock oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern Trunk shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and Nga even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a company set up to appeal tourism dollar to the area, i explore the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a long gravy holder trip out of willis wharf, a side trip to the town of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
" on a recent weekend birding trip with eastern shore escapes, a company typeset up to attract tourism dollars to the region, i explored the entire southern tip of the peninsula, with a longsighted boat trip out of willis wharf, a side trip to the townsfolk of oyster, a garden tour of historic eyre hall and birding at the eastern shore of virginia national wildlife refuge, kiptopeke state park and even the town dump. "
0
"On another day when the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic-redolent Italian neighborhood of North Beach, past Washington Square: which is neither square it's triangular nor related to Washington the statue's of Ben Franklin."
on another day when neighborhood skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent of the italian north beach washington washington square which is neither square its triangular nor related to past the statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we franklin to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach past washington related which is neither square its triangular nor square the washington to statues of ben walked
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach past washington which is neither its triangular nor related to washington the statues of ben franklin
on another day when the skies were merely spitting we walked to the garlic redolent italian neighborhood of north beach past washington which is neither square its triangular nor related to washington the statues ben franklin
" on another day when the skies were merely spitting, we walked to the MARTIN garlic - redolent Desktop italian neighborhood of north beach, past washington square: Madhu which is neither square it ' s triangular nor Mellencamp related to washington the Karagosian statue ' s of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the Julio skies TraceBack were merely spitting, we walked to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past laser washington square: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' Pierre s spinto of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the skies were merely spitting, we take the air to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past washington square: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
" on another day when the sky were merely spitting, we walk to the garlic - redolent italian neighborhood of north beach, past washington square: which is neither square it ' s triangular nor related to washington the statue ' s of ben franklin. "
0
"On another day, after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the Sevilla Trail."
on another day after sevilla mountain through dramatic drive passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau on the a trail
on another day after a drive through plateau mountain passes we hiked out onto an orange sandstone dramatic on sevilla the trail
on another day after a drive through dramatic mountain passes we hiked out onto an orange plateau on the sevilla trail
on another day after a dramatic passes we hiked out onto an orange plateau on the sevilla trail
" on another raspberry day, after a drive Sherrett through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange sandstone plateau PRNewswire on the sevilla trail. "
" on TOWN another day, Doog after a drive through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange Adel sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail. "
" on another day, after a driving force through dramatic mountain passes, we hiked out onto an orange tree sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail. "
" on another day, after a drive through dramatic spate passes, we hiked out onto an orangeness sandstone plateau on the sevilla trail. "
0
"On another excursion, we went by boat to Corcovado National Park for a hike."
on another hike we went by boat to corcovado national park for a excursion
on another excursion we went to boat by corcovado national park for a hike
on another excursion we went by to corcovado national park for a hike
excursion we went by boat to corcovado park for a hike
" on ACN another excursion, we went by boat to awfulness corcovado national park for a hike. "
" Cocaine on another BioAuthorize excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on another excursion, we went by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
" on another excursion, we go by boat to corcovado national park for a hike. "
0
"On meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks, I stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars."
on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks i stop to stare through hypnotizing or clouds the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream stars thank my lucky and
on hypnotizing hikes among the deer and chipmunks i and to stare through meandering clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream stop thank my lucky stars
on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunks i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars
on hikes among the deer and chipmunks i stop to through hypnotizing clouds the ripples of a mountain and thank my lucky stars
" on meandering hikes among the deer and YCL chipmunks, i stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or biased the mysterious ripples of a Seoul mountain stream and E#/E# thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and Yilin chipmunks, i colder stop to stare through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a Giglio mountain stream and thank Jason my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunk, ane stop to gaze through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and thank my lucky stars. "
" on meandering hikes among the deer and chipmunk, i stop to gaze through hypnotizing clouds or the mysterious ripples of a mountain stream and give thanks my lucky stars. "
0
"On mountain trails, we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and iguanas."
on mountain trails we will pause step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming and the ground and will carefully often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids from parrots and iguanas
on mountain trails we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground admire will pause often to and iguanas ferns wild orchids and parrots and unfurling
on trails we will step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns wild orchids and parrots iguanas
on mountain trails we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground and will pause often to admire unfurling orchids and parrots and iguanas
" on mountain trails, Bahaman we will carefully step around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from RIEF the ground, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and Ltd parrots and Kenneth iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will Pride carefully step Crowdrise around bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will Kathmann pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and Subhashree parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will carefully step some bubbling sulphur springs steam from the primer coat, and will pause often to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchid, and parrots and iguanas. "
" on mountain trails, we will carefully ill use roughly bubbling sulphur springs steaming from the ground, and will pause frequently to admire unfurling ferns, wild orchids, and parrots and common iguana. "
1
"On our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard."
on our of day first mountain trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
on our first day of into trekking we walked straight mountain a blizzard
on our day of trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
on our first day of mountain trekking we walked straight into a blizzard
" on our first Fouz day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into Jan a blizzard. "
" MyHealthNewsDaily on our first day of mountain trekking, Chrisostomides we walked straight into a blizzard. "
" on our first day of mountain trekking, we walked directly into a rash. "
" on our first day of mountain trekking, we walked straight into a blizzard. "
2
"On our first day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for five guns shooting walk-up."
on our first day we bagged 37 for a fine take birds five guns shooting walk up
on our guns day we bagged 37 birds a fine take for five first shooting walk up
on our day we bagged 37 a fine for five guns shooting walk up
on our first day we bagged 37 birds a take for five guns up
" on Bokeo our first Viagra day we bagged 37 birds, a cendol fine take for five guns shooting walk - up. "
" on Dennis our first day we bagged 37 birds, a fine By take for five guns psychogenic shooting walk - up. "
" on our first day we bagged xxxvii birds, a fine take for five guns shooting manner of walking - upwards. "
" on our initiative day we bagged 37 birds, a fine take for five guns shooting walk - upward. "
0
"On our first morning, we joined a dozen other guests for a two-hour nature walk led by Fugagli at the Gila River Farm Preserve, a nearby conservancy property."
on our first morning we joined a river other guests for property two hour nature walk led by fugagli at the gila dozen farm preserve a nearby conservancy a
on our a morning we joined a dozen other guests for first two hour nature walk led gila fugagli at the by river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
on our first we joined a other guests for a two hour nature walk led by fugagli at the river farm preserve a nearby conservancy property
on our first we joined a dozen other guests for a two hour walk led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve a nearby conservancy
" on our McCrudden first morning, we joined a dozen ZK other guests for a two - hour nature walk site led by fugagli at the gila river farm Wandered preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, we Meacham joined a dozen other guests for a two - hour Williamstown nature walk led by fugagli at the gila Party river o farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first aurora, we joined a dozen other guests for a two - hour nature walk led by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
" on our first morning, we joined a dozen early guests for a two - hour nature walk pass by fugagli at the gila river farm preserve, a nearby conservancy property. "
0
"On our first outing here we saw lots of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon-bright blue and green hues."
outing our first parrotfish here we saw lots of fish including the on with its neon bright blue and green hues
on and first outing here we saw lots of fish including bright parrotfish with its neon the blue our green hues
on our first here we saw of fish including parrotfish with neon bright blue and hues
on our first outing here we saw lots of fish including the parrotfish its neon bright blue green hues
" on our first outing here we Ismeal saw lots of fish, including the parrotfish, Banpo with its neon - Behrend bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing here Egon we Remixing saw lots of fish, including the parrotfish, with its neon - Russell bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing here we see lots of fish, including the parrotfish, with its atomic number 10 - bright blue and green hues. "
" on our first outing hither we saw lots of fish, including the parrotfish, with it neon - bright blue and green hues. "
0
"On previous visits to Umbagog, Ruth and I stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake's shores controlled by Umbagog Lake Campground of Errol."
on previous wilderness to umbagog ruth tent i stayed in our and at one of the visits campsites on the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
on previous visits of umbagog on and i stayed in our tent at one to the wilderness campsites ruth the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
on previous visits to umbagog ruth i in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
on previous visits to ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lakes shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol
" on previous visits to umbagog, Joan ruth and i stayed in our GLOBE tent at one Latinos of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by umbagog lake campground Khedar of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed Czech in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on ##.##m/###-## the lake ' s shores controlled by umbagog Lake lake campground GRAETTINGER of errol. "
" on previous visits to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' reciprocal ohm shores controlled by umbagog lake camping area of errol. "
" on late sojourn to umbagog, ruth and i stayed in our tent at one of the wilderness campsites on the lake ' s shores controlled by umbagog lake campground of errol. "
0
"On the boardwalk, we faced the breeding marsh."
on the breeding we faced the boardwalk marsh
on marsh boardwalk we faced the breeding the
on the we faced breeding marsh
on the boardwalk faced the breeding marsh
" Mark on the boardwalk, we Fangmann faced the breeding marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we prop faced the EVEN breeding marsh. "
" on the boardwalk, we faced the breeding marshland. "
" on the boardwalk, we face the breeding marsh. "
0
"On the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the Hadlaskard hut: a slate-gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut's caretaker."
on the third day eight our trek after of hours the on trail we the our destination at reached hadlaskard hut a slate gray house freshly the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of on baked bread prepared by the huts caretaker
on the third day of our trek baked eight bread on gray trail we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate the house on the banks of a the stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly after hours prepared by mountain huts caretaker
the third day of our trek after eight on the trail we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of baked bread prepared by the huts caretaker
on the third day of our trek after eight on the trail we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut a slate gray house on banks of a mountain stream dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked prepared the huts caretaker
" on the third day of our trek, after eight hours FLET on the trail, we KABZ reached our destination at the hadlaskard Llewellyn hut: FIRED a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our flash packs to the scent of freshly baked angry bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, rickety after eight hours on the trail, we reached our Frosty destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and Mugham dropped our packs to the Sunflag scent Manju of freshly baked bread prepared by Black the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reach our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked kale prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
" on the third day of our trek, after eight hours on the trail, we reached our destination at the hadlaskard hut: a slate - gray haired house on the banks of a mountain stream and dropped our packs to the scent of freshly baked bread prepared by the hut ' s caretaker. "
0
"On Tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on Crooks Mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a running stream."
stars tuesday the campsite began to slope steeply and we moved to a on on crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of terrain but cozier with pines and a running stream
on tuesday the terrain began to slope steeply and than moved to beneath campsite on crooks mountain less otherworldly we our camp desert flat a its bowl of stars but cozier with pines and a running stream
on tuesday the terrain began to slope steeply and we moved to a campsite on mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl stars but with pines and a running
on tuesday the began to slope steeply and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars but cozier with pines and a running stream
" on tuesday, e2 the terrain Sungai began to KSU## slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on LMRMF crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, Modeer but cozier, with pines and a running stream. "
" on By tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we Huriwa moved to a campsite on Jarome crooks mountain, less PRNewswire otherworldly than our flat desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, Infield with pines and a running stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our monotonous desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pines and a operative stream. "
" on tuesday, the terrain began to slope steeply, and we moved to a campsite on crooks mountain, less otherworldly than our matted desert camp beneath its bowl of stars, but cozier, with pine and a functional stream. "
0
"Once the Mineral Basin Express chair had taken us back to Snowbird's north-facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the Gad Valley, sampling the range of runs, from advanced  Shireen  to novice  Big Emma, that makes Snowbird such a hospitable mountain."
once to mineral basin express side had taken us back north snowbirds to facing chair we from a sinuous descent through the gad valley sampling the range of runs made advanced shireen the novice big emma that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain
the the mineral basin express chair such taken us back to snowbirds had facing side we made a sinuous descent through once gad valley sampling the range runs of from advanced shireen to novice big emma that makes snowbird north a hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had taken back to north facing side we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley range from advanced shireen to novice big emma that makes snowbird a hospitable mountain
once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbirds north facing side we made a sinuous descent through the gad sampling the range of runs from advanced to novice big emma that snowbird such a hospitable mountain
" Alistair once chummed the mineral ETC basin express chair had taken us Didier back to snowbird ' s north - facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling the range please of runs, from allaying advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the GOT mineral Second basin express chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing side, Jordy we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, Accura sampling the range of runs, from Warburtons advanced shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird Xavier such a hospitable mountain. "
" erstwhile the mineral basin express chair had taken us rearwards to snowbird ' s north - facing side, we make a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling the range of runs, from forward looking shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable mountain. "
" once the mineral basin express chair had taken us back to snowbird ' s north - facing side, we made a sinuous descent through the gad valley, sampling the range of run, from forward looking shireen to novice big emma, that makes snowbird such a hospitable flock. "
0
"Once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the woods to the lake's boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime."
once play rain finally took a break we went walking through the and to the lakes boathouse where skiers could warm up around a fire in the winter woods swimmers and boaters summertime the in the could
once the rain finally took a break we to walking through the woods went the in boathouse where skiers could warm up around play fire in the winter and swimmers and boaters could a lakes the summertime
once the finally took break we went walking through the woods to the lakes boathouse could warm up around a fire in the winter and swimmers boaters could play in the summertime
once the rain took we went walking through the the lakes where skiers could warm around a fire in the winter and swimmers and boaters could play the summertime
" once the rain finally took a break, we went walking through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up around a fire in Richard the winter, and Fantastic swimmers Yorktown and boaters could play in captain the Tuomi summertime. "
" once skipper the rain Hailu finally Benshoof took a break, we went walking through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, Juan where skiers could warm up around a fire Krystal in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime. "
" once the rain finally ask a break, we went walk through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm upwards around a ardor in the winter, and swimmers and boaters could play in the summertime. "
" one time the rain finally took a break, we went walk through the woods to the lake ' s boathouse, where skiers could warm up up around a fire in the winter, and bather and boaters could play in the summertime. "
0
"Once while walking through the woods, I came upon a small, hand-lettered Post-it note stuck through with a branch."
once while walking woods post through i came upon a small hand lettered the it note stuck through with a branch
once came walking through the woods i while upon a small hand lettered post it stuck note through with a branch
once while walking through the woods i came upon small hand lettered post it through with a
once while through the woods came a small hand lettered post it note stuck through with a branch
" once while walking through the woods, i came PDF2Office upon a small, hand - lettered post - it note stuck through Or. with a Maj. branch. "
" once while walking SurePoint through the Randozzo woods, i came upon a small, hand - lettered post - it note stuck through with a Ampcus branch. "
" once while walking through the woods, i came upon a small, hand - lettered post - it mention stuck through with a offset. "
" once while walk through the woods, i came upon a small, hand - lettered post - information technology note stuck through with a branch. "
0
"One afternoon we took a boat ride along Matanzas Pass, offered for  12.50 for adults  kids half that price  by Dockside Boat Rentals at our hotel."
one afternoon we took a 50 ride along matanzas pass offered for 12 boat for adults kids hotel that price by dockside boat rentals at our half
one afternoon we took a our ride along matanzas pass offered for 12 50 for adults kids dockside that price by half boat rentals at boat hotel
one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass offered for 12 50 for adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel
one afternoon we took a ride along matanzas pass offered for 12 50 adults kids half price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel
" one afternoon we naturally took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 Fiera for TIMEOUT adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals Monsoonal at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a Bertola boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults kids half BravoPro that Jonathan price by dockside boat rentals at greenbug our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offered for 12. 50 for adults thomas kyd half that damage by dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
" one afternoon we took a boat ride along matanzas pass, offer for 12. fifty for adults kids half that price by dockside boat rentals at our hotel. "
0
One afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching catwalks the elevated along that wind through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along the wind catwalks that elevated through the surrounding rain forest
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rain forest
afternoon we went bird watching the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding forest
one afternoon we Puerto went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that Worgul wind through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along Norsk the elevated catwalks that wind Kim through the surrounding rain forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that thread through the surrounding rainwater forest.
one afternoon we went bird watching along the elevated catwalks that wind through the surrounding rainfall forest.
0
"One day, particularly agitated, I fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain."
one and particularly agitated i fled my house day began walking toward a nearby mountain
fled day particularly agitated i one my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain
day particularly agitated fled my house walking toward a nearby mountain
one day particularly agitated fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain
" Rehab one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and began walking toward a Kathleen nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and began Hannah walking toward headphones a nearby mountain. "
" one day, particularly agitated, i fled my menage and began walking toward a nearby heap. "
" one sidereal day, particularly agitated, i fled my house and began walking toward a nearby mountain. "
0
"One perfect day, as rain threatened, I started by going for a run in manicured and rolling Hyde Park, Henry VIII's hunting ground in the wilds west of the Palace of Westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic English countryside at the heart of the city."
one viiis day of rain threatened i started by going for a run in manicured swath rolling hyde park henry the hunting ground in the wilds west of the palace as westminster a broad and of the bucolic english countryside at perfect heart of the city
one perfect day as rain threatened i started west going for of run in manicured and rolling hyde english henry swath hunting ground in the wilds by of the palace of westminster a broad viiis a the bucolic park countryside at the heart of the city
one perfect day rain threatened i started by going for run in manicured and rolling hyde park henry viiis ground in the west of the palace of westminster broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of city
one day as rain threatened i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde henry viiis hunting ground in wilds west of the palace of a broad of the bucolic countryside at the heart of the city
" Catellus one perfect day, as rain threatened, i started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds #-#/# west of the palace of westminster, YS a Coolwell broad swath spokeswoman of the bucolic Toni english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" one perfect day, as girl rain threatened, i Zashin started by going for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s home.comcast.net hunting ground in EnerVest the wilds west of the palace of westminster, Fraud a GPON broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" one perfect day, as rain jeopardize, i started by hold out for a run in manicured and rolling hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds west of the castle of westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
" one perfect day, as rain threatened, atomic number 53 started by going for a running game in manicured and hustle hyde park, henry viii ' s hunting ground in the wilds west of the palace of westminster, a broad swath of the bucolic english countryside at the heart of the city. "
0
"Outside an imposing Victorian in Pacific Heights, I learned that I, along with a dozen other tourists, had signed up for a 15-block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in San Francisco."
outside an imposing victorian in pacific hike i learned that i along with a dozen other tourists had signed up for a 15 block sightseeing seems uphill there heights to be in other direction no san francisco
outside an imposing victorian in pacific seems i learned that i san along a dozen other tourists had signed up for a 15 block sightseeing hike uphill there heights to be no other direction in with francisco
outside an imposing in i learned that i along with a dozen other tourists signed up for 15 block sightseeing hike to be no other direction in san francisco
outside imposing victorian in pacific heights i learned that i along with a dozen other tourists signed up block sightseeing hike uphill there seems to be no in san francisco
" outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights, i learned that i, along with a dozen other tourists, www.inovio.com had signed up for ROLL a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: there SBSTA seems to be no Stacey other Cvijanovich direction in san francisco. "
" outside an imposing victorian year.They in pacific heights, i learned that i, along with a dozen other tourists, Solan had signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike Heart uphill: GAZZA there seems to be no other direction in san USC francisco. "
" outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights, i learned that i, along with a dozen other tourists, throw signed up for a xv - block sightseeing hike uphill: there seems to be no other direction in san francisco. "
" outside an imposing victorian in pacific heights, i learn that i, along with a xii other tourists, had signed up for a 15 - block sightseeing hike uphill: in that location seems to be no other direction in san francisco. "
0
"Reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind."
reviving we walked across the lawn in the moonlight past the clay courts lapping were so bright wind the moon we the have played tennis and down to the lake that against could shore in the under
bright courts walked across tennis lawn in the moonlight past the clay we that were so reviving under the moon we could have played the and down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind
reviving we walked the lawn in the moonlight past the clay that were so bright under the moon we could have played tennis down to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind
reviving walked across the lawn in the moonlight past clay courts that were bright under the we have played tennis and to the lake lapping against the shore in the wind
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were visibly so SECC bright under the moon we could have investor@dejour.com played tennis, and down TICKER to the lake lapping against the shore gypsy in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn By in the GRAND moonlight, past Isarog the clay courts that were so bright under the moon we could have played Darah tennis, and down to the lake lapping against Hevra the shore in the wind. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright nether the moon we could have played tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shoring in the winding. "
" reviving, we walked across the lawn in the moonlight, past the clay courts that were so bright under the moonlight we could own fiddle tennis, and down to the lake lapping against the shoring in the wind. "
0
"SALMON STREAM LAKE, Maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and I had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm-dropped tree, the day was nearly done."
salmon stream the maine by the time we had carried gear food crackling clothing the our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a and lake in the fireplace with nearly aid of birch bark stripped from a storm dropped tree from day was blaze done
salmon stream a stripped by the time we had carried gear food and clothing from our canoe past the white pines to towering camp the maine had kindled lake crackling blaze in and fireplace with the aid of birch bark i from a storm dropped tree the day was nearly done
salmon stream lake maine by the time we had carried gear food and clothing from our past white pines to the camp and i had a crackling blaze the fireplace with the aid birch bark stripped from a dropped tree the day was nearly done
salmon stream lake maine the time we had carried gear and clothing from canoe past towering white to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the with the of birch stripped from a dropped tree the day was nearly done
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the time Johnny we had Assante carried gear, food Morinelli and clothing from our canoe past towering white Boris pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the catcher day was nearly drugs done. "
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the time we had carried gear, food and clothing from Harmony our canoe 1.The past towering white pines to the camp and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - Peopleclick dropped SharkPro tree, Nancy the day Enfocus was nearly done. "
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the metre we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe past towering white pines to the camp and ace had arouse a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the clarence day was nearly done. "
" salmon stream lake, maine: by the clock time we had carried gear, food and clothing from our canoe retiring towering white pines to the pack and i had kindled a crackling blaze in the fireplace with the aid of birch bark stripped from a storm - dropped tree, the day was near done. "
0
"Since the wind was still stiff and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile-and-a-half walk up Avalon Canyon Road, which stretches behind the town, to the Wrigley Memorial and Botanical Garden."
since the wind was still stiff and canyon impossible we a a gentle mile and took half walk up to boating road which stretches behind the town avalon the wrigley memorial and botanical garden
since the wind was still stiff walk boating impossible we took a gentle mile and a half stretches up avalon canyon road which and behind the town botanical the wrigley memorial and to garden
since the wind still stiff and boating impossible we took a gentle mile and a half walk up avalon canyon road which stretches the town to the wrigley and botanical garden
since wind was still stiff and boating impossible we took a gentle mile and a half walk up avalon canyon road which stretches behind the town to the memorial and botanical garden
" since Ahwatukee the wind Thick was ##F# still stiff ANNA and boating impossible, we took a gentle mile - TLA#### and - a - half walk up avalon canyon road, which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the wind was still Faldingworth stiff and boating impossible, Feavel we took a gentle mile - and - a - half Shmuel walk PBS up avalon canyon road, ExpressCard which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the wind make up still stiff and boating impossible, we took a blue mile - and - a - half walk up avalon canon road, which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
" since the wind constitute still stiff and boat impossible, we admit a gentle mile - and - a - half walk astir avalon canyon road, which stretches behind the town, to the wrigley memorial and botanical garden. "
0
"Some years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of Ozark wilderness, I came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities."
some years ago on a walk of wilderness days alone through a stretch of been several i came upon the ruins of what must once have ozark considerable communities
some years ago walk a on of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness the came upon i ruins of what must once have been considerable communities
some years ago on a walk of several days alone through a of ozark wilderness i upon the ruins of what once have been considerable communities
years ago on a walk of several days alone through a stretch of ozark wilderness i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities
" some years FIPS ago, on a walk of several days alone Middleford through a stretch of ozark wilderness, i came Darios upon the ruins of what must once THIS have been considerable communities. "
" some redeveloping years ago, on a walk of several days alone through a CLAUDIA stretch of ozark wilderness, i came pacificism upon the ruins of what must once have been RH considerable communities. "
" some yr ago, on a walk of several days alone through with a stint of ozark wilderness, i came upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities. "
" some years ago, on a walk of several 24 hour interval alone through a stretch of ozark wild, single arrive upon the ruins of what must once have been considerable communities. "
0
"The first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures are in the mid-70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7:30 a.m. opening  for those paying an extra fee, and we'll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at Matterhorn Mountain looming over the park."
the first thing the notice that is spring has arrived temperatures are in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to every entrance gates for you 7 30 a m opening for those paying an park fee and well get to that talking in looming language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain the over the extra
the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived temperatures are the the mid 70s daily in happy crowds are up an walking to the entrance gates for the 7 those a m opening for 30 paying early extra fee get and well to that talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park
the first thing notice is spring has arrived temperatures are in mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to gates for the 7 30 a m opening for those paying an extra fee well to that talking in every language imaginable pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park
the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived temperatures are in the mid 70s daily the happy crowds are up early walking to the entrance gates for the 7 30 a m opening for those paying an extra fee and well get to talking every language imaginable pointing matterhorn looming over the park
" the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, Space temperatures Multicast are in the mid - 70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening Scharre for those Nimoy paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn Franz mountain looming NASDAQ over caffeine the DATABASE park. "
" Boyndie the Ras first thing you notice is that spring has OTCBB arrived, temperatures are in the mid - 70s daily, NDAs the happy crowds are up Patriot early, walking to the entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those Nags paying an extra fee, and we ' ll affidavits get to that, talking in every Indrajith language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that spring has arrived, temperatures be in the mid - 70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walk to the entrance gates for the 7: 30 a. m. opening for those paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, talking in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the park. "
" the first thing you notice is that spring has arrive, temperatures are in the mid - 70s daily, the happy crowds are up early, walking to the entrance gates for the septenary: 30 a. m. opening for those paying an extra fee, and we ' ll get to that, tattle in every language imaginable, pointing at matterhorn mountain looming over the parkland. "
1
"The next day, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the Minho west nine miles until we reached the town of Valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two-headed mountain."
the next day we wove our way mountain fragments of stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca another fortified frontier town crowning verdant wildly a two headed through
the next day we wove stray way through fragments of our morning clouds and followed the west minho nine miles until we reached the crowning of valenca another fortified frontier town town a wildly verdant two headed mountain
the next we wove our way through fragments stray morning clouds and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca another fortified frontier town crowning a wildly verdant two headed mountain
next day we wove our way through fragments of stray morning and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca another town crowning wildly verdant two headed mountain
" the next Quarterback day, iAutomate we wove our way through fragments of stray Beat morning Staf clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we Misiones reached the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed mountain. "
" the next day, we wove Margo our ##.#mln way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine illustrious miles until we reached Representative the town of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed Lexus mountain. "
" the next daytime, we wove our way through fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the town of valenca, another fortify frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed mountain. "
" the next day, we wove our way through with fragments of stray morning clouds, and followed the minho west nine miles until we reached the townsfolk of valenca, another fortified frontier town, crowning a wildly verdant, two - headed tidy sum. "
0
"The storm ended just as quickly as it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20-incher after another."
the storm ended 20 as and as it started quickly then we were out again fishing catching one just incher after another
the just ended storm as quickly we it started and then as were out again fishing catching one 20 incher after another
the storm ended just as quickly as it started and then we were out again fishing catching one 20 incher another
the storm ended just as quickly as it started and then we were out again fishing catching one 20 after another
" the storm ended just as quickly as Northshore it started, and then we were out again, fishing, Waiswa catching one Beetle 20 - incher after another. "
" the soba storm ended just as NO quickly as Mussourie it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm ended just as speedily as it started, and then we make up out again, fishing, catch one 20 - incher after another. "
" the storm end just as rapidly as it started, and then we were out again, fishing, catching one 20 - incher after another. "
0
Then I walked along Knightsbridge Road to Royal Albert Hall.
then i knightsbridge along walked road to royal albert hall
to i walked along knightsbridge road then royal albert hall
then i walked along knightsbridge road to albert hall
then i walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall
then i teamate walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert Fred hall.
then i walked along Errol knightsbridge road to royal albert Veri hall.
then i walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert vestibule.
and so one walked along knightsbridge road to royal albert hall.
0
"Then I walked half a block to the corner of Main Street, where former L.A. jazz writer Jim Liska runs an ambitious little Italian restaurant named Adagio."
then i walked half liska block to the corner of main street where former l a jazz writer named a runs an ambitious little italian restaurant jim adagio
then i walked to a block half the corner of writer street where former l a jazz main jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked block to the corner of main street where former l a jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio
then i walked a block to the corner of main where former l a jazz writer jim liska runs an little italian restaurant named adagio
" then i walked half a SASY.PA block to the corner of main street, where former l. a. jazz writer jim liska Horrified runs SPXCF an ambitious Shaquetta little italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i Dr walked half implant a block to the Zakarpattia corner of main street, where Jonathon former l. a. jazz writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio. "
" then i walked one half a block to the street corner of main street, where former l. a. wind writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian eating house named adagio. "
" then i walked half a block to the recession of main street, where former litre. a. nothingness writer jim liska runs an ambitious little italian restaurant named adagio. "
0
Then I will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving.
then i will the take whole month off and do some more fishing and diving
then i will take the whole month some and do off more fishing and diving
then i will take the month off do some more fishing and diving
then i will take whole off and do some more fishing and diving
then i will take Matt the whole month off and upcourt do some more fishing and diving.
then i will take Black the whole month off and Francesco do some more fishing and diving.
so i will take the whole month off and do some to a greater extent fishing and diving.
then one will take the whole month off and do some more fishing and diving event.
1
Then I'll have a holiday to re-discover the desire for cycling.
then ill have a holiday to re discover the cycling for desire
then ill a have holiday to re discover the desire for cycling
then ill a holiday to re discover the desire for cycling
then have a to re discover the desire for
then i ' ll have a holiday novelist to re - discover the desire for Capek cycling.
Soltan then i ' ll have a holiday Salsa to re - discover the desire for cycling.
then i ' ll have a vacation to re - discover the desire for cycling.
then i ' ll have a holiday to re - expose the desire for cycling.
1
"Then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise I have ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks."
then we looked up to the mountains mountain are very very close trees both sides and there seemed to be my eruption from the top of one which and the biggest noise cascading have ever heard us an life followed by on i down towards in followed by some boulders and rocks
some we looked up to the mountains which are very very seemed on both sides and there close to top an eruption from the be of one mountain and the biggest noise us have ever heard in my life followed towards trees cascading down by i followed by then boulders and rocks
then we looked up to the mountains which are very very close on both sides and there seemed to be an eruption from the of mountain and the biggest noise i ever heard in my life followed by trees cascading down towards us followed by some boulders and rocks
then we looked up to the which very very close sides and there to be an eruption from the of one mountain and the biggest noise i have heard in my life by trees cascading down towards us followed by boulders and rocks
" then notorious we looked up to Sabah the mountains, which are very, very close RHINEBECK on both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have Airboat ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some Verdis boulders Border and rocks. "
" then we looked up to Trygvesta the mountains, which are very, AVENIR very close on ArenaBowl both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of one Karunasena mountain and the biggest noise litter i have ever heard in my life, followed by bzip2 trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks. "
" then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, very close on both sides, and there seemed to be an eruption from the top of nonpareil mountain and the large noise iodin get ever heard in my living, follow by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulders and rocks. "
" then we looked up to the mountains, which are very, really close on both sides, and there seemed to personify an eruption from the top of one mountain and the biggest noise i have ever heard in my life, followed by trees cascading down towards us, followed by some boulder and rocks. "
2
"Then we ride up into the high country, where we'll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles."
then we horses up into the high country where well see wild ride bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
then we ride up see the high country where well into wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
then we ride up into the high country where well wild horses bighorn mountain lions and eagles
then ride up into high country where well see wild horses bighorn sheep mountain lions and eagles
" then we ride up Gwaun into the high country, where Tuitavake we ' ll see wild horses, Steve bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
" then we ride up into the Commtrendz high sony country, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain Chugoku lions and eagles. "
" then we ride up into the high country, where we ' ll see untamed horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
" and then we ride up into the high area, where we ' ll see wild horses, bighorn sheep, mountain lions and eagles. "
1
"Then we'd strap on our boards, glance at Delirium Dive, the certain-death cliff run on the mountain's backside, and go the other way, threading through Douglas firs before catching a hushed two-seater back to the peak."
then wed strap on our boards glance at delirium dive catching certain threading cliff run on the before backside and go the other way death through douglas firs mountains the a hushed two seater back to the peak
then wed strap on our a glance before delirium dive the to death cliff run on the mountains backside and go the other way threading through douglas firs at catching boards hushed two seater back certain the peak
then wed strap on boards glance at delirium dive the certain death cliff run on the mountains backside and go the threading douglas firs hushed two seater back to the peak
then wed strap on our boards glance at delirium dive the certain death cliff run the backside and go the other way threading through douglas firs before a hushed two seater back to the peak
" then we ' d strap visit on our boards, glance FoodBizDaily.com at delirium dive, the certain - death cliff stitch run on the mountain ' s backside, and coolly go the other way, Galloway threading through Borgia douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater back to the peak. "
" then we ' d strap on our boards, glance at Eyal delirium dive, the Chevis certain - death cliff run on the mountain ' Hamdan s backside, and go the other way, threading through douglas firs before catching Michaela a matthew.scuffham hushed Hollywood two - seater back to the peak. "
" and then we ' d strap on our boards, coup d'oeil at fury dive, the certain - death cliff run on the mountain ' due south backside, and go the other way, threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater back to the bloom. "
" then we ' 500 shoulder strap on our boards, glance at delirium dive, the sure - death cliff run on the mountain ' s backside, and go the other way, threading through douglas firs before catching a hushed two - seater rearward to the peak. "
1
"Then, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly."
then into the forest we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo then for moss and thistle that all at smell and green vines an unwinded arrival wet the last of a species 34 mountain gorillas eating loudly
then into the forest we hike gorillas 20 moss through bamboo then vines the and thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at minutes last of a species 34 mountain only eating loudly
then into the forest we hike 20 minutes through bamboo then vines moss thistle that all smell wet and green for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species 34 mountain gorillas eating loudly
then into the forest we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo then vines moss that smell wet and for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species mountain gorillas eating loudly
" then, into PK the forest, we hike only PRNewswire 20 minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss Act and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded Morgan arrival Breeders at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike only 20 Darden minutes through bamboo, then vines, moss and thistle that X##A all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at LITTLE the last Bearing of Dee a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike only 20 min through bamboo, and so vine, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorilla, eating loudly. "
" then, into the forest, we hike only 20 minutes through bamboo, so vine, moss and thistle that all smell wet and green, for an unwinded arrival at the last of a species: 34 mountain gorillas, eating loud. "
0
"There are few experiences, and I'm speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one's own country and imagining the battle."
there are few experiences country im speaking own myself here to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in ones of and and imagining the battle
there are few experiences and im speaking of myself here to equal the emotion of walking a country in ones own the and imagining battlefield battle
there are few and im speaking myself here to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in ones own country and imagining the
there are few im speaking of myself to equal the of walking a battlefield in ones own country and imagining the battle
" watt there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself photopolymer here, to equal the emotion of walking a battlefield in one ' Ilisagvik s own country and Optimum imagining the battle. "
" there are SARAH few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking ##x a battlefield in one ' s own country and Greater imagining the Hep battle. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walking a field in peerless ' s own nation and imagine the battle. "
" there are few experiences, and i ' m speaking of myself here, to equal the emotion of walk a battlefield in one ' s own country and imagining the battle. "
0
"There, we walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from Ruhengeri, in northwest Rwanda."
there we walk half an hour across farms that women tend to potato fields where slope mildly up the mountain in ruhengeri from northwest rwanda
there tend walk half an hour across farms where women we to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri in rwanda northwest
there we half an hour across farms tend to potato fields that slope mildly the mountain from ruhengeri in northwest rwanda
walk half an hour across farms women tend to potato fields that mildly up the mountain from in northwest rwanda
" there, we Artificial walk half an hour across farms where women Sean tend to potato fields that slope mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest Luanna rwanda. "
" there, we CompoundedSensorArray walk half an hour across farms where women tend to potato fields that slope mildly up Gulsum the mountain Adria from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" on that point, we walk half an hour across farm where women tend to potato fields that slope gently up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
" there, we walk one half an hour across farm where women tend to potato fields that gradient mildly up the mountain from ruhengeri, in northwest rwanda. "
0
"There, we woke up early, packed lunches of 'gimbap', a Korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and Spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up Namsan, a mountain studded with 1,500-year-old Buddhist relics."
there we version up early packed lunches of gimbap a korean of woke a sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 500 1 year old buddhist relics
there we in with early korean lunches of gimbap a packed version of a sandwich up rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped woke seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 year old buddhist relics
there we woke up early packed lunches of gimbap a korean version of a sandwich with rice vegetables radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 old buddhist relics
there we woke up packed lunches of gimbap a korean version of sandwich with rice radish and spam wrapped in seaweed and hiked up namsan a mountain studded with 1 500 year old buddhist relics
" there, we woke up early, packed PT lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version Capeci of a sandwich, with rice, film vegetables, radish, and spam UNP wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up namsan, Speedplay a mountain studded with 1, 500 - BITTER year - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we woke up early, Matisyahu packed lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, llawer and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked legalized up namsan, Ore a mountain studded al with 1, 500 - biomass year - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we wake up up early, load down tiffin of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked up namsan, a mountain constellate with 1, 500 - year - old buddhist relics. "
" there, we woke up early, bundle lunches of ' gimbap ', a korean version of a sandwich, with rice, vegetables, radish, and spam wrapped in seaweed, and hiked improving namsan, a mountain studded with 1, 500 - year - old buddhist relics. "
0
This time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake I saw four years ago.
this ago we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years time
this time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake four saw i years ago
this time we actually camped on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years ago
this time we actually on the very site of a glacial lake i saw four years
this time Makarska we actually camped on the very site of NASDAQ a glacial lake i saw four years ago.
this time we actually camped on the very hematologic site of a glacial outswinging lake i saw four years ago.
this time we actually camped on the very site of a polar lake i saw four years ago.
this time we actually camped on the very land site of a glacial lake i visualize four years ago.
0
"Three hours later, after a rib-rocking ride in 4x4's, we met our Tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular Akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5,000 feet along the Libya-Algeria border."
three hours met after a rib algeria ride in 4x4s we later our tuareg guides summits their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with and of nearly 5 000 feet along the libya rocking border
three of later after a rib rocking ride in 4x4s we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camels sand the akakus hours a at dune in the spectacular base mountain range along summits of nearly 5 000 feet with the libya algeria border
three hours later after rocking ride in we our guides and their 14 the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range with summits of 5 000 along the libya algeria border
three hours later after a rib rocking ride in 4x4s we met our tuareg and their 14 camels at the base a sand dune in the spectacular akakus range with summits nearly 5 000 feet along the algeria
" three hours later, after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our beakers tuareg guides and their 14 camels at the base of a sand Overbrook dune in the Orthopaedics spectacular Manhattan akakus mountain range, Destiney with summits of nearly Cyril 5, 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
" three hours later, after a rib - rocking ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides and EPCRS their 14 camels at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular ChartAttack akakus webinars mountain range, with summits of nearly 5, oems 000 Sam feet along the libya - Zhai algeria border. "
" three hours later, after a costa - rocking ride in 4x4 ' due south, we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camel at the base of a sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with summits of nearly 5, 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
" three hour later, after a rib - rock ride in 4x4 ' s, we met our tuareg guides and their 14 camel at the base of a sand sand dune in the spectacular akakus mountain range, with tiptop of nearly quintet, 000 feet along the libya - algeria border. "
0
"To get backstage, we cross the steam-train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate."
to get backstage we cross bend steam train railroad tracks walk around a the in the road and finally pass gate a secluded through
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk in a bend the around road and finally pass through a secluded gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend in the and finally pass a secluded gate
to get backstage we cross the steam train railroad tracks walk around a bend in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate
" to get Constellation backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road Kevin and finally pass Longsdorf through a secluded gate. "
" to urbanism get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally teach pass Venus through a secluded gate. "
" to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a bend in the road and finally clear through with a secluded gate. "
" to get backstage, we cross the steam - train railroad tracks, walk around a flexure in the road and finally pass through a secluded gate. "
0
"Turning off the highway from Roses we drove into the Cap de Creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails."
turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap preserve hiking nature de a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain trees with to a mountain striped clinging creus trails
turning highway the off from roses we drove into clinging cap de creus nature preserve a hardy of scrub brush and moonscape mountain trees the to a mountain striped with hiking trails
turning the highway from roses we into the cap de nature preserve a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking
turning off from we drove into cap de creus nature a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails
" turning off the highway from roses Vegetable we drove into the cap de creus #,###,### nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy mountain Kavita trees clinging to FOR a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap Lemonchois de creus Dependance nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush HDTV and hardy mountain trees Heinie clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
" turning off the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and hardy sight trees clinging to a mountain strip with hike trails. "
" turning forth the highway from roses we drove into the cap de creus nature preserve, a moonscape of scrub brush and fearless mountain trees clinging to a mountain striped with hiking trails. "
0
"Under Skip's tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150-mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of Jeffrey City to Lost Creek Reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of Crooks Mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to Crooks Gap, near our starting point."
three skips tutelage we rode south to eight hours for day traversing a 150 mile circle that took city from a more guard 12 miles six of jeffrey us to lost creek reservoir where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert into the foothills of crooks mountain each back cattle nights of camping and then under to crooks gap near our starting point
under skips tutelage we each the to eight hours rode day traversing a of mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles into 150 jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we camped for two nights in mountain high plains three south six foothills of crooks the for desert more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap near our starting point
skips tutelage we rode six to eight hours day traversing a 150 mile circle that us from a cattle 12 of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we for two nights in the high plains desert into the of crooks mountain for three more nights of and then back to crooks near starting point
under skips tutelage we rode to eight each day traversing a 150 mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir where we camped for nights in the high plains desert into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap near our starting point
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode SUGAR six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from DVR### a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek fiercest reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains rookie desert, into the foothills of crooks fortressed mountain for three more nights of camping and Scott then back Cosby to crooks HP gap, near our starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we Kom rode Tesla six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150 - Nause mile circle that took us from improvisational a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost Polishness creek Oporto reservoir, FULL where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, MountainWest into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks gap, near our starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hour each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir, where we camp out for 2 night in the high plains desert, into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then back to crooks col, near our starting point. "
" under skip ' s tutelage, we rode six to eight hours each day, traversing a 150 - mile circle that took us from a cattle guard 12 miles south of jeffrey city to lost creek reservoir, where we camped for two nights in the high plains desert, into the foothills of crooks mountain for three more nights of camping and then backwards to crooks gap, good our start point. "
0
"We didn't see any wildlife, but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud: mountain bikers."
we didnt see any wildlife tire we saw fresh but tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we didnt see any wildlife but we saw fresh mud tracks in the tire mountain bikers
we didnt see any wildlife we fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain bikers
we didnt see any wildlife but we saw fresh tire tracks in the mud mountain
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, but Credentials we saw fresh tire Nusli tracks bungee in the mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see Dorthea any wildlife, but we saw fresh tire Upfold tracks in the Eteach mud: mountain bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, but we realise fresh tire data track in the mud: sight bikers. "
" we didn ' t see any wildlife, but we saw fresh tire rail in the clay: mountain rockers. "
2
"We fell another three times on one particular tow, the final time when we were two-thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way."
we fell another three times on one particular tow the final time when the were two thirds up we mountain which meant the had to walk we rest of the way
we fell another three meant on one particular tow the final time when we were two the up thirds mountain which times we had to the the rest of walk way
we fell another three times one particular tow the final when we were two thirds up the mountain which meant we had to walk the rest of way
fell another three times on one particular tow the final time when we were two thirds up the which meant we had to walk the rest of the
" frail we Inc. fell another three times on one particular tow, the final time when Sophie we were two - thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest CDMA#### of the way. "
" we fell another three times on Krainin one particular tow, Mian the final time when we were two - thirds up the Edmonton mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest REAL of the way. "
" we cut down another three time on unmatched particular tow, the final time when we be two - thirds up the mountain, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way. "
" we pass another three times on one particular tow, the final time when we be two - thirds astir the lot, which meant we had to walk the rest of the way. "
2
"We had traveled downstream most of the night to Longview, Wash., where we again boarded buses for a 90-minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain."
we had traveled boarded most of the towns to longview wash where we again downstream buses for a 90 minute ride through forests and small night to the mountain
again had traveled downstream most a the night to longview wash where we we boarded buses for of 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
we had traveled most of the night to longview wash we again boarded buses for 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
we had traveled downstream most of the night longview where we boarded buses for a 90 minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain
" we had traveled downstream most of the night to gunfire longview, wash. , where Networks we again boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride Quickstart through forests and small towns to the geographical mountain. "
" we Learn had traveled downstream most of the night to longview, wash. , where we again boarded buses for PDP a 90 - DAVIDSON minute ride through forests and small towns Tobias to the mountain. "
" we had jaunt downstream most of the night to longview, wash. , where we again boarded buses for a 90 - minute ride through forests and small towns to the mountain. "
" we had traveled downstream most of the night to longview, wash. , where we again boarded bus for a 90 - minute ride through forest and small town to the mountain. "
0
"We scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, I was so exhausted and out of breath I could barely stand."
we scrambled up to the top of a dune and while our guide walked way entire of i was so exhausted and out the breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the i of a dune and while our guide walked the entire way i was so exhausted could out of breath top and barely stand
scrambled up to the top of dune and while our guide walked entire way i was so exhausted and out breath i could barely stand
we scrambled up to the top a dune and while guide walked the way i was so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand
" we scrambled up to the top of a Sunderlal dune, and while our guide silk walked the Antelope entire way, i was so exhausted Marthoma and out of breath i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up to the WeFi top of NYSE a dune, stubbing and secretary while our guide walked the entire way, i was so exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand. "
" we scrambled up to the top of a dune, and while our guide walk the entire way, i was so exhausted and out of breath i could scantily stand. "
" we scrambled up to the upside of a dune, and while our guide walked the entire way, i was indeed exhausted and out of breath i could barely stand. "
0
"We were allowed to go to Yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by train through Italy and Switzerland to get to Germany."
we were allowed to go to yugoslavia and a holiday but once on were there we just put we our for walked out of the hotel hitch hiked on foot and by train through italy rucksacks switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed to go to foot for a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks walked the of out hotel hitch hiked on yugoslavia and by train through italy and switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed to go to yugoslavia a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks walked out of the hotel hitch hiked on and by train through italy and switzerland to get to germany
we were allowed to go to for a holiday but once we were there we just put our rucksacks walked out of the hiked on foot and by through italy and switzerland to get to germany
" we were allowed to go to screwdrivers yugoslavia for a holiday but once DDFS we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked out of Stay the hotel, hitch hiked on ARCELOR foot and by train Dockwise through italy and switzerland to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a holiday but once Asmaa we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked Calendar out of the hotel, hitch Wickford hiked on foot NADC and by train through italy and sexperts switzerland to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to go to yugoslavia for a vacation but once we were there we just put on our back pack, walked tabu of the hotel, hitch hiked on foot and by string through italy and switzerland to get to germany. "
" we were allowed to run short to yugoslavia for a holiday but once we were there we just put on our rucksacks, walked ko'd of the hotel, hitch hiked on metrical foot and by train through italy and suisse to get to germany. "
0
"When asked what songs he had on his iPod, Bush said he didn't use it anymore when riding his mountain bike:""I like to hear the birds."""
when his what songs he had on his ipod bush to he didnt use it anymore when riding asked mountain bike i like said hear the birds
when asked what songs it had on his ipod birds said he didnt use he anymore when riding his mountain bike i like to hear the bush
when asked what songs he had on his ipod bush said he didnt use it anymore when riding his mountain bike i like to hear the birds
when asked what songs he had on his ipod said he didnt use it anymore when riding mountain bike i like to hear the birds
" when asked what songs Oh he had on BATTY his ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore Phil when riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear the Shelby birds. " " "
" when asked what Wintry songs he TN had WR on his ipod, bush said Dedric he didn ' t use it anymore when riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when riding his mountain bike: " " i like to hear the birds. " " "
" when asked what songs he had on his ipod, bush said he didn ' t use it anymore when ride his mountain bike: " " 1 like to hear the birds. " " "
0
When I started college I no longer had time to walk or run that many hours.
when i started to i no longer had time college walk or run that many hours
when i started college i no longer had time to walk or run that many hours
started college i no longer had time to walk or run that many
when i started college i no longer had time to walk or that many hours
when i started college i subretinal no longer had time to walk Jabor or run that many hours.
when i started college RN i no longer had time to walk or run that Tinta many hours.
when i started college i no longer had metre to walk or run that many hours.
when i started college i no longer had time to walk beaver state run that many hours.
2
"When I was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but I wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me."
when i would a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to but sand castles build i wanted to me on the sea and they was laugh at build
when i build a kid wanted on the beach my friends i to was sand castles but wanted playing to build on the sea and they would laugh at me
when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends to build sand castles but i wanted to build on the sea and they laugh at me
when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles but to build the sea and they would laugh at me
" when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends San wanted to build sand castles, but floorplates i wanted to build Flavor on the sea and chief they would laugh at me. "
" when i was Suchart a kid playing THANKS on the beach my friends wanted to build sand castles, but i wanted to build on Blind the sea and they Spectral would laugh at me. "
" when atomic number 53 was a kid playing on the beach my friends want to build sand castles, merely i wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
" when i was a kid playing on the beach my friends desire to build sand palace, but i wanted to build on the sea and they would laugh at me. "
0
"When we had a boat, during my husband's lifetime, I could run it while he fished, and once or twice I took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store."
when we had once boat during my husbands it i could run lifetime store he fished and a or twice i took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery while
when we had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could run it while he the and once own twice i took it out on my or to cross fished sound the to grocery store
when we had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could run it he fished and once or twice i took it out on to cross the sound to the grocery store
when we had a boat during my husbands lifetime i could run it while he and once or twice i took it out on my own cross the sound to the grocery store
" ISIN when we had a boat, during fervent my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and once nesting or twice i took it out on my own to networking cross Kiesl the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had a boat, during Rare my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he Lila fished, everolimus and once Bennelong or twice i took it out on my own to cross Kankaria the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had a gravy boat, during my husband ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fish, and once or twice 1 took it out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery store. "
" when we had a boat, during my married man ' s lifetime, i could run it while he fished, and once or twice i took information technology out on my own to cross the sound to the grocery computer memory. "
0
"Which is how I ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20,500-foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands."
which is how i ended down huddled in the shadow other up 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon last summer shivering around a table with seven wind trekkers as we tried to scarf a plates of cold fish before the snow and of tore them from our hands
which is how i ended up huddled in the summer of 500 20 a foot mountain one afternoon plates shadow shivering around a table with seven other trekkers wind we tried to scarf down last of cold fish before the snow and as tore them from our hands
which is how i ended up in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon summer shivering around a table other as tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands
which is how i ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20 500 foot mountain one afternoon last summer shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down of cold fish before snow and wind tore them from our hands
" Voiculescu which HighRoads is how i ended up huddled in sashing the shadow Marcus of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, shivering around a table unilateralist with seven other Racist trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i ended up huddled in the shadow Sen. of a 20, 500 - foot mountain one afternoon last summer, www.radio shivering around a table Howdy with seven cro other trekkers as Prof. we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and Advanced wind tore them from our hands. "
" which is how i ended up huddled in the dark of a 20, 500 - foot mountain unmatchable afternoon last summer, shivering around a board with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and malarkey tore them from our hands. "
" which is how ace ended up huddled in the shadow of a 20, 500 - foot mountain i afternoon last summertime, shivering around a table with seven other trekkers as we tried to scarf down plates of cold fish before the snow and wind tear them from our hands. "
2
"With my 5-year-old daughter in tow, I joined Na'Aina Kai's two-hour family walking tour."
with my 5 year old daughter in tow naaina joined i kais two hour family walking tour
with my 5 year old daughter hour tow i joined naaina kais two in family walking tour
with my 5 year old daughter in i joined naaina kais two hour family walking tour
with my 5 year old daughter in tow i joined naaina kais two hour family walking
" with my 5 - year - old daughter in AQA tow, i joined na ' Von aina kai ' s two - hour family walking weâ tour. "
" with Ranadi my Touch 5 - year - old daughter in tow, i joined na ' aina kai ' s www.tatepublishing.com two - hour family walking tour. "
" with my 5 - year - old daughter in tow, i join na ' aina kai ' due south two - hour family walking turn. "
" with my 5 - year - old daughter in tow, i joined atomic number 11 ' aina kai ' s two - hour family walking tour. "
0
"Yet as another giant storm plowed into Nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name."
a as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse yearning yet that its not say dares name
yet as another giant storm plowed into its last week with watched again we awe and perhaps dares an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that with not say nicaragua name
yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we watched again with awe and perhaps with unacknowledged yen for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week we again with and with an for apocalypse a yearning that dares not say its name
" yet as another giant storm Honokohau plowed Tawi into nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, Undermain a yearning that dares not say its Casorso name. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed Aizenberg into nicaragua last week, we watched again with awe and perhaps with an unacknowledged yen for Trader.com apocalypse, Thomas a JUMPIN yearning that dares not say its name. "
" yet as another giant storm address into nicaragua last week, we watched again with veneration and perchance with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares not say its name. "
" yet as another giant storm plowed into nicaragua last week, we watched once more with awe and peradventure with an unacknowledged yen for apocalypse, a yearning that dares non say it name. "
2
Apoteket decided to introduce the products 'because we know that sex is an important part of our well-being and our health Linge Bergman said.
apoteket decided to we the products because introduce know that sex is an important part of our well being health our and linge bergman said
apoteket that to introduce the our because we know decided sex is an important part of our well being and products health linge bergman said
apoteket decided to introduce the products because we that sex an important part of well being and our health linge bergman
apoteket decided to introduce the products because we know that sex is an important part of our well being and our health linge bergman said
SILK apoteket decided to introduce the products ' because we know that sex is an important part of our well - being and our health Confidence linge Robert bergman said.
Hank apoteket decided to introduce the products ' Agent because we know that Recode sex is an important part of our well - being and our health linge bergman said.
apoteket decided to introduce the products ' because we know that sex is an significant part of our well - being and our health linge bergman said.
apoteket decided to introduce the product ' because we know that sex is an crucial part of our well - be and our health linge bergman said.
0
"As you can see, I've lost a lot of weight he said."
of you can see ive lost a lot as weight he said
as you can see ive lost weight lot of a he said
as you can see ive lost a lot of weight said
as you can see ive lost a lot of weight he said
" as Joe you can see, i ' ve lost a lot of weight Mel he said. "
" as overbillings you can see, i ' ve Yoshihiro lost a lot of weight he said. "
" as you lav see, i ' ve lost a lot of weighting he said. "
" as you can see, i ' ve drop off a lot of weight he said. "
0
Back home I used to cut my hair every week he said.
back home he used to cut my hair every week i said
week home i used to cut my hair every back he said
back home i used to cut my hair week he said
back home used to cut my hair he said
back Queue home i used to cut my GTC hair every week he said.
back home Hemophilia i PDBEs used to cut my hair every week he said.
back home i used to cut my hair every calendar week atomic number 2 said.
rearward home i used to cut my hair every hebdomad he said.
0
"Everybody should know that if I'm healthy, and I don't even have to be 100 percent healthy, I just want to play said Jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both Monday and Tuesday."
everybody should know that if im healthy and i off even have to be practice percent healthy i just want to play said last the jagr player dont the ice in 100 both monday and tuesday
everybody just know that if im healthy both i dont even have to be 100 percent healthy tuesday should want to play said jagr the last player off the ice in practice and monday and i
should know that if im healthy and i dont even to be 100 percent healthy i just want to play said jagr the last off the ice in both and tuesday
everybody should know that im healthy i dont even have to be 100 percent healthy just want to play said jagr the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday
" everybody Odalis should Thalia know that if IAN i ' m healthy, Dayalan and i don ' t even have to be 100 percent healthy, i just want to play said GLAC jagr, the last player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
" everybody Dump should know that if NewsChannel9 i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even Annington have to be 100 percent WorldPort healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last Zhang player off the ice in practice both monday and tuesday. "
" everybody should have a go at it that if i ' m healthy, and i don ' t even have to be 100 per centum healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last player sour the ice in practice both monday and tues. "
" everybody should know that if i ' 1000 healthy, and i don ' t even have to be 100 percent healthy, i just want to play said jagr, the last player off the methamphetamine hydrochloride in practice both monday and tuesday. "
1
I am healthy and in good condition Suharto told the nation.
in am healthy and i good condition suharto told the nation
i am healthy and in good condition suharto nation the told
i am healthy and in good condition suharto told the nation
am healthy and in good condition suharto told the nation
i am healthy and in good condition suharto Tasheed told the Jizhong nation.
i am About.com healthy and in good condition suharto told the distinctly nation.
i am healthy and in good condition suharto told the state.
i am healthy and in good term suharto told the nation.
0
I am in need of care and my health would be better if I were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
i am in need of care and my were would be better if i health not tension a continuous state of in he said
i am better in of care and my health would be need if i were not in a continuous state of tension he said
i in need of and my health would be better if i were not in continuous state of tension he said
i am in need of care and my health would be better if i were not in a continuous state tension he said
i am in need Romaine of care CK and my health would be better if neuroma i were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
i am in need MINO of care and Gaobakwe my health would be better if i were not in a continuous Stala state of tension he said.
i follow in need of care and my wellness would be in force if i were not in a continuous state of tension he said.
one am in need of care and my health would be better if i were not in a continuous land of tension atomic number 2 said.
2
"I can't comb my hair either, but for a different reason Fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis."
i from comb my hair either but for reason different a fisk says removing his black cap cant his bald head for emphasis
i cant comb my hair either but fisk black different reason for says removing his a cap from his bald head for emphasis
i cant comb my hair either but for different reason fisk removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
cant comb my hair either but for a different reason fisk removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk says, removing Hayhurst his black Silverjet cap from his bald RELOAD head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk Aggrey says, removing LSJ his black cap from his bald head for drosophila emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hairsbreadth either, but for a different reason fisk says, dispatch his black cap from his bald head for emphasis. "
" i can ' t comb my hair either, but for a different reason fisk says, removing his black cap from his bald head for emphasis. "
2
I did it to improve my health and myself he said.
i did it to improve my and health myself he said
i to it did improve my health and myself he said
i did it to improve my health myself he said
i did it to improve my health and myself said
i Dorny did it to improve my b5media health and myself he said.
i did it to Frenchwoman improve Vasishta my health and myself he said.
i did information technology to improve my health and myself he tell.
i did information technology to improve my health and myself atomic number 2 said.
0
"I didn't even comb my hair today said Iowa State guard Michael Nurse ""because I knew it would be a dogfight."""
i didnt even comb my hair today i iowa state guard michael nurse because said knew dogfight would be a it
i didnt even comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse i a knew it would be because dogfight
i didnt even my hair today said iowa guard michael nurse because i it would be a dogfight
i didnt even my today iowa state guard michael nurse because i knew it would be a dogfight
" Kathy i didn ' t even comb my Haug hair today said iowa state guard michael Papers nurse " " because i knew it would be a dogfight. " " "
" Dubai i didn ' t even comb my hair today said iowa state guard michael nurse " " because i Govind knew it Chuchu would be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb my hair today aver iowa state guard michael nursemaid " " because i knew information technology would be a dogfight. " " "
" i didn ' t even comb my hair today said iowa province guard michael nursemaid " " because i knew it would be a tussle. " " "
2
I don't have to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked.
i dont have hair comb my to or dress up nice he joked
i dont have to comb my hair or he up nice dress joked
i dont to comb my hair or dress up nice he joked
i dont have to comb my hair or dress nice he joked
i don ' t have to comb my kar hair DIMP or dress up nice he joked.
i Arun don ' t have to comb my hair Rallysprint or dress up nice he joked.
i don ' t have to comb my tomentum or attire up nice he joked.
i don ' liothyronine have to comb my hair or attire up nice he joked.
2
"I don't spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when I comb my hair he said adding ""I liked coming to the ranch before September the 11th."""
i dont spend a lot of time looking in the mirror september when i except my hair he said adding i liked coming to the the before comb ranch 11th
i lot spend a i of time looking in the mirror except when i comb my hair he said the dont liked coming to the ranch before september adding 11th
i dont spend a lot of time looking in the mirror when i comb my hair he said adding i liked coming to the ranch before september the
i dont spend a lot of looking in the mirror when i comb my hair he said adding i liked coming to the september the 11th
" i don ' t patent spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when penal i comb my hair he Jean said Stanwix adding " " i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' t spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except entrepreneur when i comb my monoclonal hair he said adding " " i liked Kanyongolo coming to Calvyn the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" i don ' t spend a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when i comb my hair he said adding " " i liked coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
" single don ' t pass a lot of time looking in the mirror, except when i comb my hair he said adding " " i care coming to the ranch before september the 11th. " " "
0
"I don't think any more transmission of plague is taking place and most cases in the country are testing negative said Health Secretary M.S. Dayal, India's top health official."
taking dont think any more transmission of place top i plague and most cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary m s dayal indias is health official
i dont think any more transmission of plague in taking place and most is cases the country are testing negative said health secretary m s dayal indias top health official
i dont think any more transmission of plague is place and most cases in the country are testing negative said health m s dayal indias top health official
i dont think any more transmission of plague is and most cases in the are testing negative said health secretary m dayal indias top health official
" i NST don ' t think any more transmission of plague is taking place and Thurs most cases in the country are testing negative Feras said health secretary m. s. dayal, india ' s top TTI health official. "
" i don ' t think any FROM more Palacky transmission of LTC plague is taking place and most microsuede cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary m. s. dayal, india ' s top health official. "
" i don ' t think any more contagion of plague is hire place and most cases in the country are testing negative said health secretary m. s. dayal, bharat ' s top health official. "
" one don ' t think any more transmission of plague is take place and most cases in the country live testing negative said health secretary m. s. dayal, india ' s top wellness official. "
1
I don't want to play with my health Korda said.
i dont want to my with play health korda said
dont i want to play with my health korda said
i dont want play with my health korda said
i dont want to play with my health korda said
i don ' t want to play Alexander with boneless my health korda said.
i don ' t want to Bronze play with my health WebriQ korda said.
one don ' t want to play with my health korda said.
i preceptor ' t want to play with my health korda said.
0
I had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
she had lipstick on my teeth i exclaimed
i had lipstick teeth my on she exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth she exclaimed
i had lipstick on my teeth! she Gamestar exclaimed.
i Ticket had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
i had lipstick on my teeth! she exclaimed.
2
"I have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health Guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, adding: ""I need continuous medical treatment."""
i have been and intensively lately working continuous has ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted as saying adding i need this medical treatment
i have been working intensively treatment and this has ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted as medical adding i need continuous saying lately
i have been intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev 49 was as saying adding i need continuous medical treatment
i have been working intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev 49 was quoted as saying adding i need continuous medical treatment
" i have been working intensively lately Michael and this has ruined Christian my health guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, Pg adding: " " i need continuous medical Musician treatment. " " "
" Robin i have been working burqa intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev, 49, was quoted Perumbavoor as saying, Fanfreluche adding: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have been working intensively late and this has ruined my wellness guliev, 49, was quoted as saying, adding: " " i need continuous medical treatment. " " "
" i have be working intensively lately and this has ruined my health guliev, 49, was cite as saying, adding: " " i need continuous aesculapian treatment. " " "
2
"I just discovered I couldn't comb my own hair, much less anyone else's she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity."
i she discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses just said adding that her long straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb less hair hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight own became even my manageable in zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight became even less
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair less elses she said adding that her long straight less manageable in zero gravity
" i just discovered i couldn ' Tiemeier t comb my own hair, much less Greg anyone else ' s she said, adding GNP that her long, straight hair became Boat even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my Pfizer own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became countryman even less founder manageable in zero Mywan gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my own hair, lots less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair became still less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i couldn ' t comb my ain hair, much less anyone else ' entropy she said, lend that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
2
"I just discovered I couldn't comb my own hair, much less anyone else's she said, adding that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity."
i just discovered i couldnt comb straight own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long my zero became even less manageable in hair gravity
said just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she i adding that her long straight hair less even became manageable in zero gravity
just discovered i couldnt comb own hair much less elses she said adding that her long straight hair became even less manageable zero gravity
i just discovered i couldnt comb my own hair much less anyone elses she said adding that her long straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity
" i just discovered i couldn ' t Karmei comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' Tilapia s she said, adding that her long, straight newsmaker hair became even een less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered i REUTERS couldn ' t comb my own AmazonWireless hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, LPG adding Kenneth that her long, straight hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i just discovered one couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she enounce, adding that her long, full strength hair became even less manageable in zero gravity. "
" i hardly see i couldn ' t comb my own hair, much less anyone else ' s she said, adding that her long, straight hair become even less manageable in zero gravitational attraction. "
2
I know I've lost some weight because I have to pull my pants up tighter the Army private said.
i lost ive know some weight because i have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said
i because ive lost some weight know i have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said
i ive lost some weight because i have to pull pants up tighter the army private said
i know ive lost some weight because i have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said
i Evans know i ' ve lost some weight because i NAYPYITAW have to Pembridge pull my pants up tighter the army private said.
Yellow i Doctors.net.uk know i ' ve lost some weight because DOWN i have to pull my pants up tighter the army private said.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because i have to pull my pants up tighter the regular army private say.
i know i ' ve lost some weight because ace have to draw my pants up tighter the army private said.
0
"I live a healthy life and I'm always in the gym said Tszyu, whose long absences from the ring were down to Achilles tendon and shoulder injuries."
i live tszyu healthy life and im always in the gym said a whose long absences from the were ring down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
i live a healthy life and to always in the tszyu said gym whose long absences from the ring were down im achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
i a healthy life and im always in the gym said tszyu whose long absences the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder
i live a healthy life and im always the gym said tszyu whose long absences from the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries
" i live a healthy life and i ' m always in Mangeshikar the gym said tszyu, HS whose long absences from the ring DLP were down candles to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" i live Canary a healthy life and i ' m always in the shellcode gym said tszyu, Redondo whose long absences from Sockalexis the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" i live a healthy life and iodin ' m always in the gymnasium said tszyu, whose long absence from the ring were down to achilles tendon and shoulder injuries. "
" i survive a healthy life and i ' m always in the gym said tszyu, whose long absences from the ringing were down to achilles tendon and shoulder hurt. "
0
I myself also wear lipstick she said.
i lipstick also wear myself she said
i myself lipstick wear also she said
i myself also wear lipstick said
i myself also wear lipstick she said
i myself also wear lipstick JAVIER she said.
i myself also wear lipstick fear she said.
i myself also wear lipstick she allege.
iodine myself also wear lipstick she said.
0
"I never have time to do my hair she says, her own hair half-wet and blow-dried straight."
i never have hair to do my time she says her own hair half wet and blow dried straight
i never have time hair do my hair she says her own to half wet and blow dried straight
i never have time to do my hair she says her own hair half wet blow dried
never have time to do my hair she says her own hair half wet and blow dried straight
" i never have time to do my hair she Ban says, Ann her own hair half - wet and Tim blow - dried straight. "
" i never have time phonetic to Frustrating do my hair she says, her own Nincic hair half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
" i never take time to do my hair she says, her own whisker half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
" single never have time to do my hairsbreadth she says, her own hair half - wet and blow - dried straight. "
2
"I took a shower, then I was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and David told me to come to sit down by him in the bed Jewell said."
i took a shower then i was brushing my said sitting come the chair and david to me told in to sit down by him in the bed jewell hair
i a told shower then i was brushing my hair sitting jewell the chair and david took me to come to sit down by him in the bed in said
i took a shower then i was brushing my sitting in the chair and david told to to sit him in the jewell said
i took a shower then i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and told me come to sit down by him in the bed said
" i took a shower, then i was brushing headphone my hair VIA sitting in the chair and david told me to come to sit down by him in the Masepe bed GOLDMAN jewell said. "
" Vijapur i took a shower, then i was brushing my hair JENSON sitting in the Azmeh chair Panaritis and david told me to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
" 1 took a shower, so i was brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told me to come to sit down by him in the seam jewell said. "
" i admit a shower, then i constitute brushing my hair sitting in the chair and david told pine tree state to come to sit down by him in the bed jewell said. "
0
I was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said.
i was sick for almost doctor weeks the two said
i was sick for almost doctor weeks the two said
was for almost weeks doctor said
i was for almost the doctor said
i was sick egg for almost FLORAL two weeks the doctor said.
i was sick Veliu for RS almost two weeks the doctor said.
1 was sick for almost two weeks the doctor said.
i was nauseated for near two weeks the doctor said.
2
"I was very healthy before and I could not believe I had stomach lymphoma Mr Ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible."
i was very healthy before i i could not believe and had stomach lymphoma mr ko urging said people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
i was very healthy before and i could not stomach i had said lymphoma mr ko believe urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
i was very healthy before and i could not believe i had lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible
was very healthy before and i could not believe i stomach lymphoma mr ko said urging people to consult doctor as soon as possible
" i was very healthy before and i could Fred not ###.#p believe i had stomach Supplier lymphoma mr ko said, urging people to consult Andre a doctor as soon as possible. "
" i was very healthy Ruben before and i could not believe i Aum had stomach Gelato lymphoma #-### mr ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
" i exist real healthy before and i could not think i had stomach lymphoma mr ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
" i was very healthy before and i could not think 1 consume stomach lymphoma mr ko said, urging people to consult a doctor as soon as possible. "
2
I will from now on have my hair done in Orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city Lombard said.
i will from of on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead now going hairdresser some to in the city lombard said
i will from now hairdresser have my in done in orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some on hair the city lombard said
i will from now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of to some hairdresser the city lombard said
i will from now on have my hair in orania pay with my oras instead of going to hairdresser in the city lombard said
i will Grazia from now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of Pilfer going to some hairdresser in the Elazig city lombard said.
i will from now on have my hair done in PHOTOS orania and pay with my ##-#/#-inch oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city HgCdTe lombard said.
i leave from now on have my hair done in orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city lombard said.
i will from now on have my hairsbreadth done in orania and pay with my oras instead of going to some hairdresser in the city langobard said.
1
I wish I had the money to get my hair done in time for work on Monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get for hair done in time my work on monday she laughed
i wish i had the money to get my hair done monday time for work on in she laughed
i wish i had the money to get my hair done in for work on monday she laughed
i wish i had the money to my hair done in time for work on monday she laughed
i Syeed wish i had the money to get dS my hair done in time for work on monday she laughed.
Britni i wish i had the money to get my hair done iWidgets in time for work on monday she laughed.
i wish i had the money to get my whisker done in time for work on monday she laughed.
ane wish i had the money to get my hair done in time for work on monday she laugh.
2
"I'd like to achieve health the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses Venus said."
id avoid to achieve health the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and like the viruses venus said
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and venus the viruses avoid said
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong and stay healthy and avoid viruses venus said
id like to achieve health the whole year stay strong and healthy and the viruses venus said
" i ' Serb d like to achieve health the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy maintenance and avoid the viruses MRHD venus said. "
" Harpoons i ' d like to achieve health the whole year, Niman stay strong and stay healthy and avoid Edible the viruses venus said. "
" i ' d like to reach health the whole year, stay strong and stay healthy and avoid the virus venus said. "
" i ' d like to achieve health the whole yr, appease strong and stay healthy and avoid the viruses venus said. "
1
"If I gave up these evenings because I'm married, I would suppress something in myself, and that's unhealthy he said."
if i evenings up these gave because im married i would suppress something in myself and said unhealthy he thats
he i gave i these evenings because im married up would suppress something in myself and thats unhealthy if said
if up these evenings im married i would suppress something in myself and thats unhealthy he said
if i gave up these evenings because im married i would suppress something in myself thats unhealthy he said
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, i would suppress something Lamps in DUBUQUE myself, and that ' s Negatively unhealthy he said. "
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, i would suppress Starring something in myself, and that ' s Welwyn unhealthy Lippert he said. "
" if i gave up these evenings because i ' m married, i would suppress something in myself, and that ' s insalubrious he said. "
" if i gave astir these evening because i ' m married, i would suppress something in myself, and that ' s unhealthful he said. "
1
"I'll be definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy Caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders."
ill be definately going in the hairdresser sometime to brushing next few days added a happy caminero whose mane is currently the his shoulders
ill be definately going to the hairdresser few in the next a days added sometime happy caminero whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders
ill be definately going to hairdresser in next few days added whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders
ill be definately going to the sometime in the next days added a happy caminero whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders
" i ' ll be definately going to the Westpark hairdresser sometime in the next few days added a happy caminero, whose Canwest mane is currently toxic brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going DeGrand to the OpenNI hairdresser sometime in the Putnal next few days added a happy caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll comprise definately going to the hairdresser sometime in the next few days add together a happy caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders. "
" i ' ll be definately going to the hairstylist sometime in the future few days added a happy caminero, whose mane is currently brushing his shoulders. "
1
I'll see how the fitness test goes said the grey-haired Ravanelli.
ill see ravanelli the fitness test goes said the grey haired how
ill see how the fitness test goes haired the grey said ravanelli
ill see how the fitness test said the grey haired ravanelli
ill see how the fitness test goes the grey haired
i ' ll see how Iranian the fitness test goes said Botanical the grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll see how Biely the fitness test goes said the grey - haired Gabrielle ravanelli.
i ' ll get a line how the physical fitness test goes said the grey - haired ravanelli.
i ' ll run into how the fitness test hold up said the grey - haired ravanelli.
1
I'm also taking care of my body and I have a massage every day she said.
im care taking also of my body and i have a massage every day she said
im also taking care of my body massage i have a and every day she said
im also taking care of my body and i have a massage every day she said
im also taking care of my and i massage every she said
i ' WINPAC m also taking care of my body and Vittorio i have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking Investment care of Comshare my body and i have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also take care of my body and i have a massage every day she said.
i ' m also taking forethought of my body and i have a massage every mean solar day she said.
0
"I'm unhappy with the way I played and with my physical condition, and I don't feel 100 % healthy she said."
im and with the she i played and with my physical condition unhappy i dont feel 100 healthy way said
im unhappy 100 the way i played and with my physical condition and i feel dont with healthy she said
im unhappy with the way i played and my physical and i dont 100 healthy she said
im unhappy with the way i played and with physical and i dont 100 healthy she said
" i ' m unhappy PennVEST with Nationality the way i played and with my physical condition, and i don ' t feel 100% healthy Hank she said. "
" i ' m unhappy with Kurt the way i played and with my physical By condition, and i don ' mudline t feel 100% healthy she said. "
" i ' mib unhappy with the agency i played and with my physical condition, and i don ' t feel 100% healthy she said. "
" i ' m dysphoric with the way i played and with my physical condition, and i don ' t feel 100% goodish she said. "
2
"It is possible that we spend more on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said Kenneth Thorpe, chairman of the Rollins School's Health Policy and Management Department."
it is possible that we spend more less health care because we are indeed on healthy said kenneth thorpe policy of the rollins schools health chairman and management department
care is possible that we spend more on health it because we are indeed less healthy said kenneth thorpe of chairman the rollins schools health policy and management department
it is possible we spend more on health care we are indeed less healthy kenneth thorpe chairman of the schools policy and
it possible that we spend more on health care because we are indeed less healthy said thorpe chairman of the rollins schools policy and management
" it is possible that we spend more on health care because we are, indeed, Iskandar less healthy arrangement said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' Management s health Faustino policy and management department. "
" it is possible that we spend more Safes on health care ENGLEWOOD because we are, Shih indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s health policy and overlapping management department. "
" it make up possible that we pass more on health care because we are, indeed, less healthy said kenneth thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s health policy and management section. "
" it is possible that we spend more on health care because we are, indeed, to a lesser extent healthy said kenneth james francis thorpe, chairman of the rollins school ' s health policy and management department. "
1
"It's difficult to see that he's able to play again when I still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my health Moore said in Thursday's Denver Post."
its hockey to in that hes able to play again when i still have a long way to go and not just see difficult but with my health thursdays said in moore denver post
its difficult to see that hes able to with when again i still play a long way to go and not just in hockey but have my health moore said in thursdays denver post
its difficult to see that hes able to play again when i still have a long way to go and not just hockey but with health moore said thursdays denver post
its difficult to see that hes able to play again when i still have a long way to and not just in hockey but with my health moore said in thursdays denver post
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able Balcorta to crayons play again when Bra i still have a long way to go, and not Bosque just in hockey, but with my health moore said upper in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' s Carly difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when surpass i still have a Ramogoadi long way to go, and not just Medoyev in hockey, but with my health moore St said in thursday ' s denver post. "
" it ' s unmanageable to see that he ' s able to toy again when i still have a long way to go, and not just in hockey, but with my health moore allege in th ' s denver post. "
" it ' s difficult to see that he ' s able to play again when i still have a long fashion to go, and non just in hockey, but with my health moore aver in thursday ' s denver post. "
2
"It's important to recognize the ways that we're healthier today stresses Daniel Swartz, executive director of the Children's Environmental Health Network in Washington, D.C."
its important to recognize swartz ways that were network today stresses daniel the executive director of the childrens environmental health healthier in washington d c
its washington to recognize the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel swartz executive important of the childrens environmental health network in director d c
its important to recognize the ways that were healthier today swartz executive director of the childrens environmental health network in washington d c
its important to recognize the ways that were healthier today stresses daniel swartz executive director of the childrens environmental health network in washington d c
" it ' s Addy important to KFC recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of Mount the children ' s environmental health network Monegasques in washington, d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognize the Morena ways that Somali we ' patri re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' s environmental BULLDOGS health network in washington, d. c. "
" information technology ' s important to recognize the way of life that we ' re healthier today stresses daniel swartz, executive director of the kid ' reciprocal ohm environmental health network in washington, d. c. "
" it ' s important to recognize the ways that we ' re healthier today stress book of daniel swartz, executive director of the children ' s environmental health network in washington, d. c. "
0
I've been working hard to try to stay healthy so I can be in that position again she said.
ive try working hard to been to stay healthy so i can be in that position again she said
ive again working hard to try to stay healthy so i can be in that position been she said
ive been working hard to try to stay in that position again she said
ive been working hard to try to stay healthy so can be in that position again she said
i ' ve been working Gluster hard to try to stay healthy Kenichi so i can be Jarrod in that position again she said.
i ' ve been v. working hard to stacked try to stay healthy so i can be in that http://bit.ly/ofJfg position again she said.
i ' ve been working hard to try to stay sizeable so i can be in that position again she allege.
i ' ve been working hard to try out to stay healthy so i can be in that lieu again she said.
0
"Most of us have days when we're concerned about our hair or weight says Jamie Bliss, a 29-year-old recovering BDD patient who is now a therapist working with Sacker."
most of us is days when were concerned about a hair or weight says jamie bliss our 29 year who recovering bdd patient old have now a therapist working with sacker
most when us our days of were concerned about year hair or weight says jamie bliss a 29 have old recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker
most us have when were concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss a 29 year old recovering bdd patient now a working with sacker
of us have days when were concerned about our hair or weight jamie bliss a 29 year old patient who is now a working with sacker
" most of us have days when we ' re Evangelical concerned about our hair or weight says jamie van bliss, a 29 - Joy year - old recovering bdd patient who is Ann now a therapist working with sacker. "
" Nicktoons most of us have days when we ' re Windfarm concerned about our hair or weight says BY jamie bliss, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient who is Full now a therapist working with sacker. "
" most of u have days when we ' re concerned about our hair or weight says jamie bliss, a xxix - year - honest to god recovering bdd patient who is now a therapist working with sacker. "
" most of us get days when we ' re concerned about our hair or exercising weight says jamie bliss, a 29 - year - old recovering bdd patient world health organization embody now a therapist working with sacker. "
2
"One could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent Parkinson's disease Zigmond said."
one could imagine that somewhere that the disease just toothpaste we all use fluoridated water and like to prevent tooth decay down many people just automatically will take a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons road zigmond said
one could imagine that somewhere down the road water like we all use fluoridated that and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay just many people just automatically will take said nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond a
one could imagine that somewhere down the road just like we all use fluoridated water toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many just automatically will a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond
one could imagine that somewhere down the road like we all use and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay that many people just automatically will take nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinsons disease zigmond said
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, Determine just like we all hardline use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people tamarillos just BEAUTY automatically will take: a nonsteroidal Cutcher inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down http://www.mtairynews.com/ the Kartina road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste Tailor to Citywire prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: Eamon a nonsteroidal inflammatory agent to prevent parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, just like we all use fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will occupy: a nonsteroidal inflammatory federal agent to foreclose parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
" one could imagine that somewhere down the road, barely like we all apply fluoridated water and toothpaste to prevent tooth decay, that many people just automatically will take: a nonsteroidal inflammatory agentive role to preclude parkinson ' s disease zigmond said. "
0
"That doesn't mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in Zimbabwe she added."
that doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant because we are still in she major health in crisis zimbabwe a added
a doesnt zimbabwe we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant because we are still in that major health crisis in mean she added
that doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added
doesnt mean we should lower our guard we have to remain vigilant we are in a major health crisis in zimbabwe she added
" that doesn ' Eickstadt t mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain Amuria vigilant because we traveler are still in a major Chris health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean Manik we should Okodogbe lower Boynton our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major Don health crisis in zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major wellness crisis in republic of zimbabwe she added. "
" that doesn ' t mean we should lower our guard, we have to remain vigilant because we are still in a major health crisis in southern rhodesia she add together. "
2
"The first thing we did was get our hair done, because it was a mess Curry said."
the first thing we did was get our hair it because done was a mess curry said
was first thing we did the get our hair done because it was a mess curry said
the first thing we did was get our hair because it was a mess curry said
the first thing we did was get our hair done because it was a mess curry said
" the first thing we did N. was get our hair Wudinna done, XMRV because it was a mess curry said. "
" the first thing we did was get our hair done, because Nascent it was Danielle a mess Pithamagan curry said. "
" the first thing we did comprise get our hair done, because information technology was a mess curry said. "
" the world class thing we did be get our hair done, because it was a mess curry said. "
0
"Things are just fine and I'm in very good health Abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the Amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit."
dressed are just fine and im in very good health abbas told reporters smiling as the left he amman hospital things in an elegant black suit
things are just fine and told in very good health abbas im reporters smiling as he left the suit hospital dressed in an elegant black amman
things just fine and im in good health abbas told reporters smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit
things are just fine and im in very good health told reporters smiling as he the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit
" things are just fine and Auction i ' m in very good health abbas Semenkovich told reporters, ANBA smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black ONGC suit. "
" things are just fine and i ' m in very good health abbas told Harry reporters, smiling as he left the Wendie amman Temaat hospital dressed in an Mold elegant black suit. "
" things be just fine and one ' m in very good health abbas told newsman, smiling as atomic number 2 left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit. "
" things are scarcely fine and one ' m in very good wellness abbas told reporters, smiling as he left the amman hospital dressed in an elegant black suit. "
0
"This is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, 'but we do each other's hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it's always ""can I borrow your nail polish remover, can I borrow your mirror, can I borrow your tweezers?"""
this is we to given terrible sound the current circumstances she said but going nails each others hair keep our do and feet clean and its always can i borrow your nail polish remover can i borrow mirror your can i borrow your tweezers
this is going to sound terrible tweezers the current circumstances she said but we do each others hair keep our nails and always clean and its feet i i borrow nail your polish remover can can borrow your mirror can i borrow your given
this is going to sound terrible given the current circumstances she said but do each others keep nails and clean and its always can i your nail polish remover can i borrow your mirror can i borrow tweezers
this is going to sound terrible given the current circumstances she said but we do each others hair keep our nails and feet clean and its always can i borrow your nail polish remover can borrow your mirror can i borrow your tweezers
" GAMBLING this is going to sound terrible, Prisoner given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s + hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' Gramarossa s spokesman always " " Sit can i borrow your nail polish remover, can unduly i borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" fromagerie this Rita is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, ethnographic keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' s always " " Robert can i borrow your nail polish remover, said.When can i borrow DHL your mirror, christening can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
" this is going to sound fearful, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' s e'er " " can i borrow your nail polish remover, can i take over your mirror, can i borrow your pair of pincers? " " "
" this is going to sound terrible, given the current circumstances she said, ' but we do each other ' s hair, keep our nails and feet clean, and it ' s forever " " can i take up your nail polish remover, can i borrow your mirror, can i borrow your tweezers? " " "
0
We know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health Arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower health is most likely we contaminated but faced with a doubt not have an obligation to protect oil arranz said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated arranz faced with a doubt we health an obligation to protect have but said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt have an obligation to protect health arranz said
we know that CapEx the Groote majority adherence of sunflower oil is most likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
we Tawny know that the majority of sunflower GRAND oil is most likely not contaminated but faced TSX with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is most likely not pollute but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
we know that the majority of sunflower oil is almost likely not contaminated but faced with a doubt we have an obligation to protect health arranz said.
0
"We think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don't always think about protecting our hair King said."
we think about protecting our skin from the king but we dont always think about protecting our hair sun said
we think protecting about our skin from the sun but we king always think about protecting our hair dont said
we think protecting our skin from the but we dont think about protecting our hair king
we think about protecting our skin from the sun but we dont always think about protecting our king said
" we think about protecting Patrice our skin from the sun, but Shadowline we don ' t always think about protecting student our hair king said. "
" we think about protecting our skin from the Parrow sun, but we don ' t always think Universidad about Monarcas protecting our hair king said. "
" we think about protecting our skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think astir protecting our hair power said. "
" we think astir protecting our skin from the sun, but we don ' t always think about protect our hair king said. "
1
"Well, we both use Colgate toothpaste Bush deadpanned."
well we both use colgate toothpaste deadpanned bush
well we toothpaste use colgate both bush deadpanned
well we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned
well both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned
" well, Ellinbank we both use colgate toothpaste bush coach deadpanned. "
" well, biocultural we both use colgate paraded toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" well, we both apply colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
" well, we both use colgate toothpaste bush deadpanned. "
0
"After I used the Summer Vacation self-tanner, I reapplied the Bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth red, and it looked much better."
thrilling i used the summer vacation a tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick which is self after earth red and it looked much better
after i used the summer better self tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick much is a thrilling earth red and it looked which vacation
after i used the summer vacation tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick which is a thrilling earth red and it looked much
after i used the summer vacation self tanner i reapplied the bixa lipstick which is a earth red and it looked better
" after i used the summer CableFree vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which AUX is a GoForce thrilling earth Alum red, and it looked much better. "
" after i used the summer vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the Sobkowiak bixa lipstick, marcusr@washpost.com which is a thrilling earth trad red, and it looked Carlingford much better. "
" after i apply the summertime vacation self - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling ground red, and it looked much better. "
" after i used the summer holiday ego - tanner, i reapplied the bixa lipstick, which is a thrilling earth crimson, and it looked much better. "
0
"After that, I started to color my hair and polish my nails."
after that my started to color my hair and polish i nails
after that i my to color my hair and polish started nails
after that i started to color my hair and polish my nails
after that i started to color my and polish my nails
" after that, i started Stock to color my hair Sutat and polish my nails. "
" after Junko that, i started to color my hair Seventy and polish my nails. "
" after that, i started to color my hair and polish my nail. "
" after that, i started to color my hair and polish my nails. "
0
"Although I may be healthy enough to do it all, I don't think I'll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the regular season."
we i may be healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill do a whole lot in although camp except when season get close to the regular training
although it to be healthy enough may do i all i dont think ill the a whole lot in training camp except when we get close to do regular season
although i may be healthy enough to do it all i think ill a whole lot training camp except when we get close to the regular season
although i be healthy enough to do it all i dont think ill do a whole lot in training camp except when we get close the regular season
" although i outfielder may be Unintelligible healthy enough to do it all, i don ' t think i ' Daryl ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close Udeen to the regular season. "
" although i may be healthy enough to do it all, country i don ' Rohroo t think i ' ll do Detection a whole lot in training camp, towns except when we get close to the regular season. "
" although 1 may be healthy plenty to do it all, i don ' t call back i ' ll do a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the regular season. "
" although i may be healthy enough to coiffe it all, i don ' t think one ' ll get along a whole lot in training camp, except when we get close to the regular time of year. "
1
"And she said,'I want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo."
and she said i want you to hair my hairdresser how to do my tell for the photo
and she said i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
she said i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
and she said i want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo
" and she South said, ' i want you to tell my George hairdresser Lustfeldt how to do my hair for the photo. "
" and she said, ' i speedy want you to curry tell my hairdresser how to Herbed do my hair for the photo. "
" and she said, ' iodine want you to tell my hairdresser how to make my hair for the photo. "
" and she say, ' iodin want you to tell my hairdresser how to do my hair for the photo. "
0
"And so I leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest I accidentally get in range of a mirror."
i so area leave the haircutting and with my head down lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror
and so i leave the accidentally area with my head down lest i haircutting in get range of a mirror
and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror
so i leave the haircutting area with my head down lest i accidentally get in range of a mirror
" and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest i Stevie accidentally get in Purple range AMS of a mirror. "
" and so i leave Dietary the haircutting area Negresco with my head down, lest i cornerback accidentally get in range of a mirror. "
" and so i leave the haircutting area with my head down, l i circumstantially get down in range of a mirror. "
" and hence i leave the haircutting area with my head down, lest i accidentally contract in range of a mirror. "
0
"Apparently frail, Calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor Victor Lefebvre, last week, ""When I die, I'll die healthy."""
apparently frail calment has kept die victor her wits and told her doctor of lefebvre last week when i die ill most healthy
apparently frail doctor has kept most of her wits and told healthy calment victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die her
apparently frail calment has kept most of her wits told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die healthy
frail calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre last week when i die ill die healthy
" inbuilt apparently frail, sloped calment has kept most of her wits and told R her doctor victor lefebvre, pipe last week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" MBL apparently Coal frail, Nicole calment has kept most of her wits and choose told her doctor victor lefebvre, last week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment suffer kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre, last week, " " when i give way, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
" apparently frail, calment has kept most of her wits and told her doctor victor lefebvre, utmost week, " " when i die, i ' ll die healthy. " " "
1
"As long as I am healthy and young enough to compete, I'll do it."
as long as i am healthy and compete enough to young ill do it
as enough as i am healthy and young long to compete ill do it
as long as am healthy and young enough to compete ill do it
as long as i healthy and young enough to compete ill do it
" as antiangiogenesis long as i am healthy and young enough to compete, i ' ll Mobiles do it. "
" as long topical as i am healthy and young Sumich enough to compete, i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young enough to compete, i ' ll do it. "
" as long as i am healthy and young enough to compete, i ' ll do it. "
0
"Audrey Hardy, widow of former chief of staff Dr. Steve Hardy: ""For those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes."""
for hardy widow of former chief staff dr of steve hardy audrey those early shows we did our own hair we did our own makeup we even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of former chief of staff dr steve early clothes those hardy shows we did our own did we hair our own makeup we even wore our own for
audrey hardy widow former of staff dr steve hardy for those early shows we did our own hair we did our own makeup we even wore our own clothes
audrey hardy widow of chief of dr hardy for those early shows we did our own hair we did own makeup we wore our own clothes
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of improperly staff dr. steve Guillaume hardy: " " for Actor those early shows, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, Tai we even wore our Coach own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those jan early solder shows, we did our own Smolak hair, we did Vestas our own makeup, we even wore our own Zions clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early display, we did our own hair, we did our own makeup, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
" audrey hardy, widow of former chief of staff dr. steve hardy: " " for those early shows, we do our own whisker, we did our own make up, we even wore our own clothes. " " "
0
"Because we're limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning to choose 'nutrient dense' foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health-building skill."
because were limited minerals the calories we can eat without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods packed with these vitamins and building is essential health in skill
because were limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight learning to skill nutrient dense foods packed with these vitamins minerals and is essential health building choose
because were limited in the calories we can without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods packed these and minerals is essential health building skill
because were limited in the calories we eat without gaining weight learning to choose nutrient dense foods packed these vitamins and minerals is essential health building skill
" because we ' re limited in the calories we can eat without gaining weight, learning La to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with these vitamins and Fishers minerals is essential V health - building Braintree skill. "
" because we ' re X limited in the calories Scand we can eat without gaining weight, learning to PayPal.com choose ' nutrient dense ' Biomet foods packed with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' re limited in the calories we buttocks eat without attain weight unit, learning to choose ' nutrient dense ' foods packed with these vitamin and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
" because we ' re set in the calories we can eat without gaining weightiness, learning to choose ' alimental dense ' foods pack with these vitamins and minerals is essential health - building skill. "
0
"Bucks coach George Karl said he would love to have his good friend back in Wisconsin full time:""I would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our health together."" "
bucks coach george karl could he would love to have his good friend gain in full wisconsin time i would probably back some weight but maybe we said work on our health together
bucks coach george would said he karl love to could his good friend back in wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight but maybe we have work on our health together
bucks coach george karl said he love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight but maybe we could work on our health together
coach george karl said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time i would probably gain some weight but maybe we could on our health together
" yucking bucks coach george karl said he would love to have his good Star friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would Chhatraman probably gain some weight, but JEANNINE maybe we MAYNOOTH could work on our health together. " " "
" bucks coach george karl Kristjan said he would love to have his good friend nonclassroom back in wisconsin full time: " " i would Ndubuisi probably gain some weight, Goliad but maybe we could Sean work on our health together. " " "
" buck coach george karl said he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our wellness in concert. " " "
" bucks coach george karl tell he would love to have his good friend back in wisconsin full time: " " i would probably gain some weight, but maybe we could work on our wellness together. " " "
1
But I will do anything to get healthy and play injury free.
but and will do anything to get healthy i play injury free
but anything will do i to get healthy and play injury free
but will do anything to get healthy and play injury free
but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury free
but i will Her do anything to get healthy and FlightView play injury free.
Eastvale but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury forecaster free.
but i will coiffure anything to get healthy and play injury free.
but i will do anything to get healthy and play injury free.
1
But I will have a massage and hopefully I will be ready for one more day.
hopefully i will have a massage and but i will be ready for one more day
but i will have a day and hopefully i will be ready for one more massage
but i will have a and hopefully will be ready for one more day
but i will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more day
but i will have a Minister massage and hopefully i will be Mr ready for one more day.
but i will have a massage HVPN and hopefully i will be ready for one more nga day.
but iodin will have a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more daytime.
but i will experience a massage and hopefully i will be ready for one more day.
1
But I'm happy to be on the podium and to finish this Tour in good health despite the two crashes I had.
but im crashes to be on finish podium and to the this tour in good health despite the two happy i had
but im happy to be on the podium and to finish this two despite good health in the tour crashes i had
but im to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health the two crashes
but im happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i had
but i ' TruBrite m happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes ANSA i Augusto had.
Devontay but i ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour Caitlin in good health Cadence despite the two crashes i had.
but i ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good wellness despite the two crash 1 had.
but unity ' m happy to be on the podium and to finish this tour in good health despite the two crashes i have.
0
"By the time she arrived, we'd thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair."
by the time she arrived wed thrown on clean and clothes combed our hair
by the time she arrived thrown wed on clean clothes and combed our hair
by the time arrived wed thrown clean and our
by the time she arrived wed thrown on clean clothes and combed our hair
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on clean clothes and CHALLENGES combed yawping our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown NetMethods on clean clothes and combed WATER our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d fuddle on clean clothes and combed our hair. "
" by the time she arrived, we ' d thrown on clean clothes and comb out our hair. "
0
"Christopher Reeve's widow announced Tuesday that she has lung cancer, then quickly added:""I hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery."""
christopher reeves widow announced tuesday that she has lung too then and added i hope before cancer long to be sharing news of my good health quickly recovery
christopher reeves widow announced she that tuesday has lung cancer then quickly added i hope before too sharing to be long news of my good health and recovery
christopher reeves widow announced tuesday that has lung cancer then quickly i hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery
christopher reeves widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer then quickly added i hope before too long to be sharing news of my good health and recovery
" christopher reeve ' THEREAFTER s widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer, Old then quickly added: " " i hope before too Efficiency long to be sharing news FSA of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer, then Small quickly added: " " i hope before too long degasification to be sharing news Hummingbird of USL my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer, then rapidly added: " " i hope before too farsighted to be partake in news program of my good health and recovery. " " "
" christopher reeve ' s widow announced tuesday that she has lung cancer, then quickly added: " " i hope before too long to be share news of my good health and recuperation. " " "
1
"Eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting that it had a'tough fight' and revealing: ""I lost a tooth."""
eubank praised his a after the bout admitting that it had atough fight and revealing i lost opponent tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting that it had i fight and revealing atough lost a tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting that it had atough fight and revealing i lost a tooth
eubank praised his opponent after the bout admitting it had atough fight and revealing i lost a tooth
" Szmania eubank praised his freelancers opponent after the bout, www.ftgx.com admitting that power it had a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" Bewl eubank praised his opponent after subscriber the bout, admitting that COVER it had a ' snmesulam@naplesnews.com tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting that information technology have a ' tough fight ' and revealing: " " i lost a tooth. " " "
" eubank praised his opponent after the bout, admitting that information technology had a ' tough fighting ' and revealing: " " ace lost a tooth. " " "
2
"For the Golden Globes, I wore a slipdress that was kind of bare, and I wore my hair up."
for the wore globes i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare and i golden my hair up
for wore golden globes i the a slipdress that was kind of bare and i wore my hair up
for the globes wore a slipdress that kind of bare and i wore my up
for the golden globes i wore a slipdress that was kind of bare and i wore hair up
" for the golden Oostburg globes, i wore a slipdress that Cara was kind of Holbek bare, and i wore my hair up. "
" for the golden globes, i wore a Enforces slipdress that was kind DLNA of bare, and i wore my hair rookie up. "
" for the golden globes, i wore a slipdress that be kind of bare, and single wore my hair up. "
" for the favourable globes, i wore a slipdress that exist kind of bare, and i wore my hair up. "
0
"Foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste Zahnpasta  and nail-polish remover Nagellackentferner."
foraging in the neighborhood nagellackentferner instant language lessons as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail polish remover affords
foraging in the neighborhood toothpaste instant language lessons as we ask for affords zahnpasta and nail polish remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the neighborhood affords instant language as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail remover nagellackentferner
foraging in the affords instant language lessons as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and polish remover nagellackentferner
" foraging in the neighborhood affords Chievo instant chlorpyrifos language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta Szeles and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in Baja the neighborhood affords instant language lessons, HEATHER as we ask Stacey for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the neighbourhood affords instantaneous language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
" foraging in the vicinity affords instant language lessons, as we ask for toothpaste zahnpasta and nail - polish remover nagellackentferner. "
0
How could I have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser said?And how can I ever go back there again?
how could i have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser ever and how can i said go back there again
how could i have been so i to trust what that said hairdresser and how can stupid ever go back there again
how could i have been so stupid to trust what hairdresser said and how can i ever go back there again
how could have been so stupid to trust what that hairdresser and how can ever go back again
how could i have been so stupid to trust Pombriant what that hairdresser inch said? bear and how can i ever go back there again?
Sivasagar how could i have been so stupid to Namadi trust what Majorly that hairdresser said? and how can i ever go back there again?
how could i have been so stupid to trust what that stylist said? and how can i ever go back there once more?
how could i have been so unintelligent to trust what that hairdresser said? and how can i ever go back there again?
2
I also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that I do.
i also do so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i am
i also am so fortunate to do healthy and stay the things that i do
i also am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do
also am so fortunate to stay healthy and the that i do
www.motortrend.com i also am so fortunate to de stay healthy and do the things that i do.
i also am so fortunate to stay healthy WaterSound and do the things Ipoh that i do.
i also am so fortunate to stay respectable and do the matter that i do.
i likewise am so fortunate to stay healthy and do the things that i do.
0
"I am convinced it is harmful to health, so I don't like it."
i am convinced it is harmful to health so i dont like it
i am convinced it is harmful to health so like dont i it
i am convinced it is harmful to health so i like it
i am convinced is harmful to so i dont like it
" i am convinced it is Kenny harmful to Dr health, so i don ' t like it. "
" i am convinced it Huai is harmful to health, so i don ' t PK like it. "
" i am convinced it is harmful to health, so i don ' t alike it. "
" i am convert information technology is harmful to health, so i don ' t like it. "
0
"I am doing everything I can to keep it off: healthier foods, more activity, returning to that place we call the gym."
i am doing everything it can to keep i that healthier foods more activity returning to off place we call the gym
off am doing everything i can to keep it i healthier foods more activity returning to call place we that the gym
i am doing everything i can to keep it off healthier foods more activity returning to that we call the gym
am everything i can keep it off healthier foods more activity returning to that place we call the
" i am doing everything i can to ACBB keep Ly it off: healthier foods, more Grzegorz activity, returning to that place we call the gym. "
" i am doing everything i can to keep it off: healthier foods, Ouaknine more activity, returning to Lorna that WACO place we call the gym. "
" i am doing everything i can to keep it off: healthier food, more activity, returning to that place we call the gymnasium. "
" iodine am doing everything i can to keep it off: level headed foods, more activity, returning to that place we call the gym. "
0
"I am in good health after a normal illness said the king, who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in Riyadh between November 29 and December 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage."
i am in good suffering after a normal health said the king who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in riyadh 7 november 29 and december between after illness a cerebral hemorrhage
i am 7 after health good a leaders illness said the king who has not received foreign normal since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december in after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
i am in good health a normal illness said the king who has not received foreign leaders since was in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
am in good after a normal illness said the king who has not foreign leaders since he hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage
" i am in good Hungry health after a normal illness said the king, Atyrau who has not received foreign leaders since Junichiro he was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 Mollymook after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in good health after a normal illness said the BHP king, Citgo who has not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november Mehdi 29 and december 7 VB after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" single am in good health after a normal illness said the mogul, who has not received foreign leaders since he be hospitalized in capital of saudi arabia between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
" i am in in effect wellness after a normal illness said the king, who have not received foreign leaders since he was hospitalized in riyadh between november 29 and december 7 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage. "
0
I am in good health and I could break a new record if I started training again.
i i in good health and i could break a new record if am started training again
i and in good health am i could break a new record if i started training again
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started training again
i am in good health and i could break a new record if i started training again
Bromance i am in good health and i could break timber a new record if i started training again.
i am in good health and i KSR could break a new record if i started Clinically training again.
i am in good wellness and i could break a raw record if i started training again.
i am in good health and one could break a new record if i started training once again.
0
I brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
i brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal
i mouth my teeth plain a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my brush with twice water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse mouth with plain water after every
brush twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal
i brush my teeth twice a day with Sea a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain Niutang water after every SOMETIME meal.
i brush my teeth twice a day Navarette with a XC fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my Nviro mouth with plain water after every meal.
i brush my teeth doubly a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with apparent water after every meal.
i sweep my teeth twice a day with a fluoridated toothpaste and rinse my mouth with plain water after every meal.
0
I could have had total hip replacement done in the States for nothing because I have a health plan.
nothing could have had total hip replacement done in the states for i because i have a health plan
i could have had replacement hip total done in the states for nothing because i have a health plan
i could have had in the nothing because i have a health plan
i could have had total replacement done in the states for nothing because i have a health plan
i could have had total hip replacement done in Voice the states for nothing because i have a health Boooosh plan.
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for ornamental nothing Vltava because i have a health plan.
i could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because iodine have a wellness plan.
single could have had total hip replacement done in the states for nothing because 1 have a health plan.
1
I didn't go for that red mouth because I didn't want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didnt go clothes that red mouth because i didnt want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup her for bought in a shop and made for machine by either hand or or
i didnt go for that red mouth because i or want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup didnt shop bought clothes a in and made for her by either hand or machine
i didnt go for that red mouth i didnt want to look a woman wearing or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine
i didnt for that red mouth because i didnt like woman wearing or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine
i didn ' t go for that red mouth because i Mirona didn ' t want to look like HANDLING a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or attached clothes bought in Carol a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
i didn ' t go for that red Henri mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a woman wearing lipstick or makeup or clothes bought in a shop and Justice made for her by either hand Starr or Wan machine.
i didn ' t go for that red mouth because 1 didn ' t require to look like a woman wearing lipstick operating theatre makeup or clothes buy in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
ane didn ' t go for that red mouth because i didn ' t want to look like a woman wear lipstick or makeup oregon clothes buy in a shop and made for her by either hand or machine.
2
I do cheek to cheek because I hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
face do cheek to cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick on my i
cheek do i to cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick on my face
do cheek to cheek because i hate to walk away with on my face
i do cheek to cheek because i hate walk away with lipstick on my
i do cheek to Buyao cheek because i hate to walk Russel away with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to newsmagazine walk away HARPERSVILLE with lipstick on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to walk away with lip rouge on my face.
i do cheek to cheek because i hate to walk away with lipstick on my face.
0
"I do nothing to my hair, except occasionally wash it."
i do nothing except my hair to occasionally wash it
i do nothing to my hair except occasionally it wash
i do nothing to my hair except occasionally wash it
i do nothing to hair except occasionally wash it
" i Halimat do nothing to my hair, except occasionally Gunmen wash it. "
" i Lisa do nothing to my hair, Salvation except occasionally wash it. "
" i do nothing to my hair, except occasionally dampen information technology. "
" i do cipher to my hair, except occasionally wash it. "
0
"I don't have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so I feel good, I'm ready to go, I just have to stay healthy and play good tennis."
i pain have any more nagging healthy in my ankle and leg so i stay good im ready to go i just have to feel dont and play good tennis
i dont have my more nagging pain in any ankle and leg so im feel good i ready to and i just have to stay healthy go play good tennis
i dont have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg so i feel good im ready to go i just have to healthy and good tennis
dont have any more nagging pain my ankle and leg so i good im ready to go i have healthy and play good tennis
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle Adrew and leg, so i feel good, i ' m ready to go, Ali i Atrion just have to Active stay healthy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i GVRS feel Holger good, Bunnatine i ' Phil m ready to go, i just have to stay healthy and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle joint and leg, so i feel good, i ' m ready to go, i just have to stay good for you and play good tennis. "
" i don ' t have any more nagging pain in my ankle and leg, so i feel good, i ' yard ready to go, i just have to stay level headed and play good lawn tennis. "
0
"I don't spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
i dont spend more than five minutes a day bathroom front of the in mirror sometimes not even long enough to comb hair my
i dont front more than five minutes a day in spend long the bathroom mirror sometimes not even of enough to comb my hair
dont spend more than five minutes a day front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair
i dont spend more five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror sometimes not even long to comb my hair
" i Mine don ' t spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, minister sometimes not even long enough to comb glyconutrients my hair. "
" i England don ' Polmar t spend more than five minutes a day in front of the chafing bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
" i don ' t spend more than five minutes a day in front of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my fuzz. "
" 1 don ' t spend more than five minutes a day in strawman of the bathroom mirror, sometimes not even long enough to comb my hair. "
2
I don't want to risk my health.
i dont my to risk want health
risk dont want to i my health
i want to risk
i dont want to health
i don ' t want Janta to risk my health.
i don ' Tokyo t want to risk my health.
i don ' t want to risk my health.
i don ' t want to risk my health.
0
"I dress well, I put on make-up."
i dress up i put on make well
i dress well i put on make up
dress well i on make up
i dress well i put on make up
" i dress well, Riutta i put on make - Pole up. "
" i dress well, Couric i put on make - sautéed up. "
" ace clothes well, i put on make - up. "
" atomic number 53 dress well, i put on make - upwards. "
0
I feel good and I feel healthy.
i feel good healthy i feel and
i feel good and healthy feel i
i feel good and i feel healthy
i feel good i feel healthy
separated i feel good and i feel healthy.
i feel Rinear good and i feel healthy.
i feel skilful and i feel healthy.
i feel good and one feel healthy.
0
"I go in the shower, add  conditioner, comb it out and get the knots out."
it go in the shower add conditioner comb i out and get the knots out
i go in the shower add conditioner comb knots out and get the it out
in the shower add conditioner comb it and get the out
i go the shower add comb it out and get the knots out
" i go in the shower, add conditioner, comb it out and photosensitive get parabolic the knots out. "
" i NVOAD go in the shower, add conditioner, comb it out and get the knots Alexandra out. "
" i go in the shower, add conditioner, comb it out and get the knot away. "
" i go in the shower, add conditioner, disentangle it out and get the knots kayoed. "
0
I got my hair cut Saturday.
cut got my hair i saturday
i got my hair cut saturday
i got my hair cut saturday
i got my hair
i got my annoucement hair cut saturday.
i got my hair Orseno cut saturday.
i got my tomentum cut saturday.
i acquire my hair cut saturday.
0
"I had a blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insisted."
i tree a blood sugar issue as well as thyroid disease and diabetes in her family had and doctor her so insisted
and had a blood well issue as sugar as thyroid disease and diabetes in her family tree i so her doctor insisted
i had a blood sugar issue as well as thyroid disease and diabetes in her family tree and so her doctor
i had a blood sugar issue as well as thyroid disease in her family and so her doctor insisted
" i had a blood sugar Brousse issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes Ashbrittle in Harding her family tree, and so her doctor insisted. "
" 7PressRelease i had a banned blood sugar issue, as well as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and BASKETBALL so her doctor insisted. "
" i had a blood sugar issue, every bit well as thyroidal disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insisted. "
" i had a blood sugar issue, as good as thyroid disease, and diabetes in her family tree, and so her doctor insist. "
2
I have a massage every night and every morning.
i and a massage every night have every morning
i have a massage every every and night morning
i have massage every night and every morning
i have a massage every night and every morning
i have a LLEYTON massage every night and every morning.
rutabaga i have a massage every night and every morning.
i have a massage every night and every dawn.
ace have a massage every night and every morning.
0
I have been working hard and managed to stay healthy.
i working been have hard and managed to stay healthy
i have working been hard and managed to stay healthy
i have been working hard and managed to stay healthy
i have been working hard and managed to stay healthy
i Meme have boss been working hard and managed to stay healthy.
i have been working beauty hard and managed to stay Spectroscopy healthy.
iodin have been working knockout and managed to stay healthy.
ace have been working arduous and managed to stay healthy.
0
"I have to use a shower chair to take a shower, and I can't take a bath."
i have chair use a shower to to take a shower and i cant take a bath
i have to use a a chair to take shower shower and i cant take a bath
i have to use a shower to take a and i cant take a bath
i have to use a shower chair take a shower i cant take a bath
" Gerard i have to use SUMMER a shower chair to take a shower, and i can ' Chislehurst t take a bath. "
" i have to use a shower chair John to Bid take a shower, UltraMantis and i can ' t take a bath. "
" i have to use a shower chair to take a shower, and i can ' t take a bath. "
" i have to use a shower chair to ingest a shower, and atomic number 53 throne ' t take a bath. "
2
I haven't even got a toothbrush.
toothbrush havent even got a i
i havent got even a toothbrush
i havent even a toothbrush
i havent even got a toothbrush
Maulbeck i haven ' t even got a toothbrush.
i haven ' t even Silas got a toothbrush.
i haven ' t even get a toothbrush.
i haven ' t even got a toothbrush.
2
I hope this year I have good luck and stay healthy.
i hope stay year i have good luck and this healthy
i hope year this i have good luck and stay healthy
i hope this have good luck stay
i hope year i have good luck and stay healthy
anthropocentric i hope this year i have Scott good luck and stay healthy.
i Allman hope unelectrified this year i have good luck and stay healthy.
i trust this year i have good luck and stay healthy.
i trust this year i deliver good luck and stay healthy.
1
I know I am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am typical of millions of women in this my in my devotion to country hairdressers
i know my am typical of millions of women in this country in i devotion to my hairdressers
know i am typical of millions of women in this country in my devotion to hairdressers
i i typical of millions of in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers
i know menial i am typical of millions of women in this Hemoglobin country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
Wards i know i am typical APOS of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
1 know i am distinctive of millions of women in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
i know i am distinctive of millions of woman in this country in my devotion to my hairdressers.
0
I like the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes.
clumps like the comb because it gets out i and separates lashes
separates like the comb because it gets out clumps and i lashes
i like the comb it gets out clumps and separates lashes
i the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes
i like the comb because Merab it gets out clumps and Tezak separates lashes.
i executions like the comb because it gets tenn out clumps and separates lashes.
i comparable the comb because it gets out clumps and separates lashes.
i like the comb because it gets out clumps and divide lashes.
0
I lost a lot of weight  to fight  and I intend to get my weight back.
i lost a lot of weight my fight and i intend to get to weight back
back lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight i
i lost lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back
i lost a lot of weight to fight and to my weight back
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get Firas my Lynette weight back.
i lost a lot of weight to fight and Ayigbe i intend to Nancy get my weight back.
i lost a lot of weight to fight and i intend to get my weight back.
one lost a lot of weight to fight and i specify to get my weight back.
0
"I miss wearing make-up, I miss doing my hair, I miss going to a club."
i miss wearing make up i miss doing my hair miss i going to a club
i miss wearing make up my miss doing i hair i miss going to a club
i miss wearing make up miss doing my hair miss going to a club
i miss wearing make up i miss doing my hair i miss going to a club
" JUD i miss wearing CHELSEA make - up, i miss doing my hair, i miss Chernak going to a club. "
" Kvemo i miss wearing make - up, i shantos miss doing my hair, i Ashonti miss going to a club. "
" iodine miss wearing make - up, i miss doing my hair, i miss live to a club. "
" i miss wearing make - up, i overleap doing my hair, i miss going to a social club. "
2
"I reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so I rolled the dice and risked it."
i reckoned that we were all in pretty good and so i rolled the dice health risked it
i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health risked i rolled the dice and so it
i reckoned that we all in pretty good health so i rolled the dice risked it
i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health so i rolled the dice and risked it
" i Editor reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so i Printec rolled the dice and risked CITIGROUP it. "
" i reckoned Cicmanec that we were all in Judge pretty good health, so i rolled the dice and risked staunch it. "
" i reckoned that we were all in pretty good health, so i undulate the dice and risked information technology. "
" i reckoned that we were all in pretty upright health, so i rolled the dice and risked it. "
0
"I remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny."
i ago years remember having a hairdresser who was very talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember very ago having a hairdresser who was years talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember ago having a hairdresser who was very talented very temperamental and wickedly funny
i remember years having a hairdresser who was very talented very temperamental funny
" i remember Abandons years ago Magic having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" i remember years ago having a hairdresser who was very talented, very temperamental Ecoscience and wickedly Mario funny. "
" i remember years ago have a hairdresser world health organization was very talented, very temperamental and wickedly funny. "
" i remember years ago get a hairdresser who was very talented, very erratic and wickedly funny. "
0
I smoothed the hair back from Renee's brow.
i from the hair back smoothed renees brow
i smoothed the hair back renees from brow
smoothed the hair renees brow
i smoothed the hair back from renees brow
i RCS smoothed the hair back neurodegenerative from renee ' s brow.
i smoothed Riverbed the CBS hair back from renee ' s brow.
i shine the hair back from renee ' reciprocal ohm brow.
i smoothed the hairsbreadth back from renee ' s brow.
0
"I stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of Tom's Toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar for guests' toothbrushes and a wall of Post-it potty poetry."
i stepped into the bathroom noting the array of toms toothpaste tubes an empty jelly jar for poetry post and a wall of toothbrushes it potty guests
i stepped into the bathroom noting the empty of toms toothpaste tubes an array for jar jelly guests toothbrushes and a wall of post it potty poetry
i the bathroom noting array of toms toothpaste tubes an jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a wall of post it potty poetry
i into the bathroom noting the array of toms toothpaste tubes empty jelly jar for guests toothbrushes and a wall of post potty poetry
" i stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of Senior tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jar Ravel for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of ValueVision post - it Magnum potty poetry. "
" i stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, ADFLOW an empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and ERRED a wall of post - it Potential potty Badaga poetry. "
" i stepped into the bathroom, note the array of tom ' s toothpaste tubes, an empty jelly jolt for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it potty poetry. "
" i stepped into the bathroom, noting the array of tom ' s toothpaste subway system, an empty jelly jar for guests ' toothbrushes and a wall of post - it potty poetry. "
1
"I suppose around six o'clock I'll have a massage, then I'll probably have an early night."
i suppose around six oclock then have a massage ill ill probably have an early night
i suppose around six oclock ill have a massage then an probably have ill early night
i around six oclock ill have a massage then ill probably have an early night
i suppose around six oclock ill have a massage then ill probably have an early night
" i suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have a combi massage, then i ' ll probably Most have an Sonic early night. "
" i suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll have Maintainer a PT massage, Merenstein then i ' ll probably have an early night. "
" i suppose around six o ' clock i ' ll get a massage, so ace ' ll probably have an early night. "
" i suppose around six atomic number 8 ' clock i ' ll have a massage, then i ' ll probably have an early night. "
1
I take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that I am leaving the club in better health than when I arrived.
i take a in of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the lot club better health than when i arrived
i take a i of satisfaction from the am that lot fact leaving the club in better health than when i arrived
i take lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when i
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better health than when i arrived
i take a lot ancho of satisfaction from the fact that i Italy am leaving the club in better ScrapArtsMusic health than when i arrived.
i take a lot Crowston of satisfaction from the fact that i Base am leaving the club in better health Vaseline than when i arrived.
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the society in good wellness than when i arrived.
i take a lot of satisfaction from the fact that i am leaving the club in better wellness than when ane arrived.
0
"I used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes."
i used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in with morning showered the teeth brushed and hair combed minutes 15 in
i used to to able be get in and out of the bathroom in the morning in with teeth brushed and hair combed showered 15 minutes
i used to be able to get and of the bathroom in the morning showered with teeth brushed and hair combed in 15 minutes
i used to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning showered with brushed and hair combed in 15
" Afrexim i used to be able to get in and Leroy out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, President with teeth brushed and hair Prasanna combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be K able to get in striped and out of swingman the Luke bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i used to be able to get in and out of the privy in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
" i habituate to be able to get in and out of the bathroom in the morning, showered, with teeth brushed and hair combed, in 15 minutes. "
0
"I used to go to a barber, but now I go to a hairstylist."
i used to go to but barber a now i go to a hairstylist
i i to go to a barber but now used go to a hairstylist
i to go to a now i go to a hairstylist
i to go to a barber but now i go to a hairstylist
" i used to go to El a TCIG barber, but now i go to a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a barber, but now CALDWELL i go to oyster a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a barber, but straight off i get to a hairstylist. "
" i used to go to a samuel barber, but now i conk out to a hairstylist. "
0
"I used to have a full head of hair, before I entered the numbering business."
i hair to have a full head of used before i entered the numbering business
i the to have a full head of hair before i entered used numbering business
i used head of hair before i entered the numbering business
i used to have a full head of hair before i entered the numbering business
" i used to Juro have HOLDING a full head of hair, before i entered the numbering business. "
" i used to LOGN have a full head of hair, before i entered the Fernandes numbering business. "
" i employ to have a full head of whisker, before i entered the numbering business. "
" i use to have a full head of tomentum, before i entered the numbering business. "
2
I was looking forward to getting this thing over so I could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so days could use these three i to get healthy
i was looking forward to getting this days over so i could use these three thing to get healthy
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these three days to get healthy
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these three days to get healthy
Prime i hospitality was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over Mthombothi so i could use passengers these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing complete so i could use these three days to get healthy.
i was looking forward to getting this thing over so i could utilize these three days to get healthy.
1
"I was sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn't the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily."
i was sick on my fourth day off but you doctor isnt the kind of place where my can find a neighborhood easily
kind fourth sick on my was day off but my neighborhood isnt the i of place where you can find a doctor easily
i was sick on my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of place where you can find a doctor easily
i was sick on my fourth day off but my neighborhood isnt the kind of place where you find a doctor easily
" i was sick on Brig my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place where Szuminski you can find B a doctor easily. "
" i was sick on my fourth day off, but my neighborhood isn ' SenseAware t the kind THIS of place Jeep where you can find a doctor easily. "
" i was sick on my 4th day off, but my neighborhood isn ' t the kind of place where you can find a physician easily. "
" i was sick on my fourth day sour, but my neighborhood isn ' t the form of place where you can find a doctor easily. "
2
"I was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn't amount to a very successful dating process at all."
i was haircut with a bad skinny which didnt amount to a very successful dating process at all
i was skinny with a bad haircut which didnt amount to a very successful dating process at all
i was skinny with a bad haircut which didnt to a very successful dating process at all
i was skinny a bad haircut which didnt amount to process at all
" i bind was skinny with a bad SNOWBALL haircut, which didn ' IRLI t amount to a very successful dating process at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad GAEA haircut, which midas didn ' t amount to a very successful Organi dating process at all. "
" i was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount to a very successful dating process at all. "
" single was skinny with a bad haircut, which didn ' t amount to a very successful go steady process at all. "
2
"I was suffering from depression, and maybe I should have gone to a doctor, but I didn't."
i was suffering from depression and maybe i doctor have gone to a should but i didnt
i was suffering from depression to maybe i should have gone and a doctor but i didnt
i was from depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor but i didnt
i suffering from depression and maybe i should have gone to a doctor but i didnt
" i Louis was suffering from depression, and maybe i should have gone to a doctor, Buzzd but merganser i didn ' t. "
" i was willy suffering from depression, Tamboura and maybe i should have gone Samuel to a doctor, but i didn ' t. "
" i exist suffering from depression, and maybe one should have gone to a doctor, but i didn ' thyroxin. "
" i was suffering from depression, and mayhap atomic number 53 should have gone to a doctor, but i didn ' t. "
2
I won't leave the house without lipstick.
i wont leave the lipstick without house
i the leave wont house without lipstick
i wont leave the house without lipstick
i wont leave the house without lipstick
i won ' t leave the house units without lipstick.
i won ' t leave the house Judith without lipstick.
one won ' t leave the house without lipstick.
i won ' mt leave the house without lipstick.
0
"I'd stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect."
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a effect hazard into the washing some pour in machine detergent have money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to put a for while waiting beer sanitation to take health
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was bar health machine into the washing hazard pour in for detergent beer money in the slot and go to a a up the street to have a put while waiting some sanitation to take effect
id stuff dirty clothes the underwear alone was a hazard into the washing machine pour in some detergent put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect
id stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was health hazard into washing machine pour in detergent put money the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting sanitation to take effect
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the Hotwire.com underwear alone was a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money Rui in the slot and go to a bar sidelong up Bayan the street to have a radiated beer while waiting for sanitation to Haipe take effect. "
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was Security a adapted health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in ultracracker the slot and Roofing go to a Ehui bar up the RAISED street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take effect. "
" i ' d stuff my dirty clothes the underwear alone was a health hazard into the wash machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a cake up the street to have got a beer while waiting for sanitization to take effect. "
" i ' d clobber my dirty clothes the underwear alone equal a health hazard into the washing machine, pour in some detergent, put money in the slot and go to a bar up the street to have a beer while waiting for sanitation to take burden. "
0
"If my health doesn't, then I will have to retire."
health my if doesnt then i will have to retire
if my then doesnt health i will have to retire
if my health doesnt will have to retire
if my health doesnt then i will have to retire
" if my rape health doesn ' t, then i will have to Dan retire. "
" if my health Gen. doesn ' t, Net then i will have to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' t, then i will make to retire. "
" if my health doesn ' t, then iodine will have to retire. "
1
"If we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting healthy and living again."
if we do it of the right way we can reach our goal in getting off weight getting our cholesterol down really knocking healthy and living again
of our do it in the right way we can reach we goal if knocking off weight getting our cholesterol down really getting healthy and living again
if we do it in right way we can reach goal knocking weight getting our down really getting healthy and living again
if we it in the right way we can reach our goal of knocking off weight getting cholesterol down really getting healthy and living
" if we do ESDs it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, Trace getting our cholesterol stockier down, really getting healthy Research and living again. "
" if we do it in McCroy the Jababeka right way, we can reach our goal of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting Wolak healthy and binning living again. "
" if we do it in the right way, we can reach our goal of knocking away weight, getting our cholesterol down, really getting respectable and subsist again. "
" if we do it in the right way, we can reach our end of knocking off weight, getting our cholesterol down, really set about healthy and living again. "
1
"If you stop and think about it, it's a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste."
if you stop and think day it its a miracle that remember get out of bed every about and brush our teeth and we to buy toothpaste
if you and and think remember it its a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our teeth stop about to buy toothpaste
if you and think about it its that we get out of bed day and our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
if you and think about it its a miracle that we get of bed every day brush our teeth and remember to buy toothpaste
" if you Father stop and think Coach about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and Synteractive brush our teeth and remember to buy Dzirasah toothpaste. "
" if you stop Barazite and think Thomas about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our American teeth and remember to buy Irvin toothpaste. "
" if you stop and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we get out of bed every day and brush our tooth and remember to buy toothpaste. "
" if you stop and think about it, it ' s a miracle that we get prohibited of bed every clarence shepard day jr. and brush our teeth and recollect to buy toothpaste. "
0
"I'm feeling pretty good and I'm hitting the ball well: and I'm healthy, which is great."
im well pretty good and im hitting the ball feeling and im healthy which is great
im feeling pretty good and im hitting the ball well im and healthy which is great
feeling pretty good and im the well and im healthy which is great
im feeling pretty good and im hitting ball well and im which is great
" i ' m feeling girlfriend pretty Sweiti good and Dysautonomia i ' m hitting the ball well: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" Mongol i ' m feeling pretty good Smart and i ' m hitting the Tyrice ball well: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
" i ' m feeling passably good and i ' m hitting the ball well: and i ' m healthy, which is neat. "
" i ' m feeling jolly good and i ' m hitting the chunk well: and i ' m healthy, which is great. "
0
"I'm putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they're wearing."
im putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that not skin need to flatter also only tone but the coordinate with what theyre wearing
im with on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that skin only need to flatter the not tone but also coordinate putting what theyre wearing
im putting on eye shadow colors eyeliner blush colors and lipstick that not only need flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what theyre wearing
im on eye shadow colors eyeliner colors blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone also coordinate what theyre
" i ' m putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, reinvade blush colors and lipstick colors that not Last only need to flatter the skin Abdulsattar tone NESBITT but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" Sheldon i ' m putting grandmothers on drying eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and megaplan lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" i ' m place on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick gloss that not only ask to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
" ace ' m putting on eye shadow colors, eyeliner colors, blush colors and lipstick colors that not only need to flatter the skin tone but also coordinate with what they ' re wearing. "
0
"In a briefing for AFP and the other major wire services, Clinton said he would run again 'as long as I have my health and I'm doing a good job."
and in briefing for afp and clinton other major wire services the said he would run again as long as i have my health a im doing a good job
and a in for afp and the other major wire services clinton said he would run again as long doing i have my health briefing im as a good job
in a briefing for afp the other wire services clinton said he would again as long as i have my health and im doing a good job
in a briefing for afp and the other major wire services clinton said he would run again as long as i have my health and doing good job
" Frenchman in a briefing Willie for afp and the canned other major wire services, clinton said he would run again ' as long as i have my health and i ' m ingenuity doing a good job. "
" in a briefing David for afp and the other major wire services, clinton said Shairf he would run again ' as besieged long as i have my health and Extra i ' m doing a good job. "
" in a briefing for afp and the other major wire services, clinton said he would run again ' equally long as i have my wellness and i ' m doing a good job. "
" in a briefing for alpha foetoprotein and the early major conducting wire services, clinton said he would run once again ' as long as i have my health and i ' m doing a good job. "
1
"In my backpack, I would put in a make-up kit because I always want to look my best."
in want backpack i would put in a make up kit because i always my to look my best
in a backpack i would put in my make up kit because i always want to look my best
in my backpack i would put in a make up kit because i want to my best
in my backpack i would put in a make up kit because i always want my best
" in my backpack, Laudenslager i would put in a make - up kit because i always want Eisener to explosions look my best. "
" in my backpack, i would put in a make - coding up kit because i always want Jeff to look Otava my best. "
" in my rucksack, i would put in a shuffling - up kit because i always want to look my best. "
" in my packsack, i would put in a make - up kit because i always require to look my best. "
0
"In the past, most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home nail care."
in the past most pedicures were home at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge done the correct healthy safe way to achieve of nail care
in the past most pedicures to knowledge at home but somewhere along the way we lost the done of the correct healthy safe way were achieve home nail care
in the past most pedicures were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost knowledge of the correct safe way to achieve home nail care
in the past pedicures done at home but somewhere along the way the knowledge of the correct healthy safe to achieve home nail care
" in the past, most pedicures were done at home but somewhere Lundin along the way we Misinterpreted lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, E2m safe way to achieve home nail Winthrop care. "
" in the past, most janitors pedicures certs were done at home but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way slurry to achieve home nail KEEPS care. "
" in the past, most pedicure were coif at dwelling but somewhere along the way we lost the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe way to achieve home nail care. "
" in the past, most pedicures were done at home but someplace along the way we drop off the knowledge of the correct, healthy, safe mode to achieve home nail care. "
2
"It makes no appreciable difference to the way I look, because I refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it."
it makes no appreciable hair to the way i look because i refuse to take care of my difference even to the it of combing or brushing extent
it makes no appreciable difference to of way i look because my refuse to take care of i hair even to the extent the combing or brushing it
it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look because i refuse to take care of my hair to extent of combing or brushing it
it makes no appreciable difference to the i look because i refuse to take care of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it
" it JEFF makes no appreciable Abu difference to the way i look, because i refuse to maa take care of my hair even to the extent of combing Sarwan or brushing it. "
" it makes no AAHK appreciable difference to the way i look, because i refuse to take care of Dirty my Roselani hair even Baha'i to the extent of combing or brushing it. "
" it makes no appreciable difference to the way i look, because ace defy to take care of my haircloth even to the extent of combing or brushing it. "
" it puddle no appreciable difference to the way i look, because i reject to take caution of my hair even to the extent of combing or brushing it. "
2
It's the most high-maintenance clothes and hairdo I've ever had.
its the clothes high maintenance most and hairdo ive ever had
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo had ever ive
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo ive ever had
its the most high maintenance clothes and hairdo ive ever had
it ' s the most high - maintenance didn clothes and hairdo i ' ve ever Gregory had.
it ' s the most high - maintenance Saif clothes and hairdo i ' ve ever Pham had.
it ' s the most high - upkeep clothes and hair style i ' ve ever had.
it ' s the most in high spirits - maintenance clothes and hairdo i ' ve ever had.
0
"I've learned from my mistakes and now I'm mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape."
ive learned from my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally shape great in
in learned from my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally ive great shape
learned from my mistakes and now im mentally tougher punching my weight and generally in great shape
ive learned from my and now mentally my and generally in great shape
" i ' Dornack ve learned from my mistakes and now i ' Brent m mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally MaGowan in great shape. "
" i ' ve Ruth learned from negotiator my mistakes and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally Revol in great shape. "
" i ' ve get a line from my mistakes and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight and generally in great shape. "
" i ' ve learned from my misunderstanding and now i ' m mentally tougher, punching my weight unit and generally in great shape. "
0
I've lost a lot of weight and I'm fitter now than I have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross-country running!
ive lost a lot that weight and im fitter now than been have i in the last four years thanks to all of cross country running
in lost a lot of weight and im fitter now years i have been ive the last four than thanks to all that cross country running
ive a of weight and im fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks all that cross country running
ive lost a lot of weight and im now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that cross country
i ' Michael ve lost a lot of weight and i ' m fitter now Johannes than i have been in Consumers the last four years thanks to Lindsay all that cross - country running!
i ' ve lost a lot of weight and i ' m fitter now than Mores i have been in the metronome last four years Menendez thanks to all that cross - alam country running!
i ' ve lost a lot of weightiness and i ' m fitter now than i have been in the last four years thanks to all that hybridize - country running!
i ' ve lost a passel of weight unit and i ' m fitter now than i have been in the final four years thanks to all that cross - country running!
0
"Like I wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think I might be famous, too. "
like i wear lipstick and they my sunglasses on so keep might think i might be famous too
like i wear might and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i lipstick be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i might be famous too
like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might think i might be famous too
" like i wear mayor lipstick and keep my Beckett sunglasses on so they might CFP think i might be famous, too. "
" like i wear lipstick Councilman and keep Ken my sunglasses on so they might think i might be ReVision famous, too. "
" similar i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they mightiness think i might be illustrious, too. "
" like i wear lipstick and keep my sunglasses on so they might cerebrate one might be famous, too. "
0
"My hair is wavy, but I comb it out straight."
my hair is wavy but i comb out it straight
comb hair is wavy but i my it out straight
my hair is wavy but i comb it out straight
my is wavy but i it out straight
" my hair is Better wavy, Dan but i comb it out straight. "
" Al my hair is wavy, but shear i comb it out straight. "
" my hair is wavelike, but i comb it out straight. "
" my whisker is wavy, but i comb it out direct. "
0
My health is good and we have big goals this year.
my health is good and we have big goals year this
my health and good is we have big goals this year
my health good and we have big goals this year
my health is good and we have big goals this year
my health is good DOR and clos we have big goals this year.
my Fusimalohi health is good and we have Freehold big goals this year.
my wellness is good and we have magnanimous goals this year.
my health is good and we take in big goals this year.
0
My main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year  2007  I missed three or four months and that is like taking half the season away.
taking year goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last main 2007 four missed three or i months and that is like my half the season away
my i goal is or stay healthy for the main year because last year 2007 whole missed three to four months and that is like taking half the season away
my main goal is to stay for the because year 2007 i missed three or four months and that like taking the season away
my main goal is to stay healthy for the whole year because last year 2007 i three or four months and that is like half the season away
my main Chifflet goal LEVI is to stay healthy for the whole Intellisync year because last year 2007 i missed three or four Krustyland months and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal is to Bord stay healthy for the whole year because last year Lofstedt 2007 PREGNANT i missed three or four Capel months and that is like taking half the season away.
my main goal is to last out healthy for the whole year because last year 2007 ace missed three or four months and that is like taking one half the season away.
my main goal is to stay salubrious for the whole year because last year 2007 i missed three oregon four months and that is like taking half the season away.
1
"Neon pink lipstick was all the rage on spring runways, however, so I decided to co-opt a little of the doll's style by trying Shu Uemura's hot pink lip Gloss Lacquer."
of neon lipstick was all the rage trying spring runways however so i decided to co opt a little pink the dolls style by on shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
decided pink lipstick was all the rage on spring runways however so i neon to trying opt by little of the dolls style a co shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
neon pink lipstick was all the rage on spring runways however so i decided to co opt a little of the dolls style by trying shu uemuras hot pink lip gloss lacquer
neon pink lipstick was all the on spring runways however so i decided co opt a little of the dolls style by trying shu uemuras pink lip gloss lacquer
" neon pink lipstick was logo all Vallerga the rage on spring Croc runways, however, so CORUNA i decided to co - opt a little of the doll ' s style by trying Dire shu uemura ' s hot pink lip gloss lacquer. "
" Steve neon pink lipstick was all BINGO the Vivi rage on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - opt a little Hearwell of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s hot pink Anthony lip gloss lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was all the rage on spring rail, however, so i decided to co - choose a little of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' s hot pink lip glossiness lacquer. "
" neon pink lipstick was all the craze on spring runways, however, so i decided to co - choose a small of the doll ' s style by trying shu uemura ' due south hot knock lip gloss lacquer. "
0
"On a recent trip I found I could work on my tan, rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi-trailer can be at 70 miles an hour."
on can recent trip i found trailer could work on my tan rearrange my and style hair learn just how loud a semi i a be at 70 miles an hour
on a recent trip miles found i could work on my tan rearrange my hair style and how just learn loud a semi trailer can 70 at be i an hour
on a recent trip i found i could work on my tan rearrange my hair style and learn just how loud a semi trailer can be at 70 miles hour
on a recent trip i found i could on tan rearrange my hair style and learn just a semi trailer can be at 70 miles an hour
" on a recent trip i found i could work on my tan, evangelistic rearrange my hair style and learn Delmar just how loud a semi - trailer J. can be at 70 retinal miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found i YAR### could work on my tan, rearrange Cressall my hair style and learn just how loud addition a semi - trailer can be at 70 Mobinnova miles an hour. "
" on a recent head trip single found i could work on my tan, rearrange my pilus style and memorise just how loud a semi - trailer can be at 70 miles an hour. "
" on a recent trip i found i could work on my tan, rearrange my hairsbreadth style and learn just how loud a semi - trailer can be at 70 nautical mile an hour. "
0
"Once a year at Christmas, however, I relent and slap on some lipstick."
once i year at christmas however a relent and slap on some lipstick
on a year at christmas however i relent and slap once some lipstick
once a year at christmas however i relent slap on some lipstick
once a at christmas however i relent and slap on
" once a year at christmas, Brubaker however, i relent and slap on some Niemöller lipstick. "
" once a year Maj. at christmas, however, i relent and disproportionality slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at christmastime, nonetheless, i relent and slap on some lipstick. "
" once a year at christmas, all the same, i relent and smack on some lipstick. "
0
"One of the many things I took for granted before I had kids - besides the bliss of a good night's sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good health, particularly during cold and flu season."
one of the relative things i took before granted for i had kids besides the bliss flu a good nights sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day was of good health particularly during cold and many season
one of the had day i particularly for granted before i and kids besides the bliss of a good nights sleep many keeping my clothes clean for a full things was relative good health took during cold and flu season
one of the many things i took for granted i had kids besides the bliss of a good sleep and keeping my clean for full was relative good health particularly during cold and flu season
the many things i took for granted before i had kids besides the bliss a good nights sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day was particularly during cold and flu
" one of the Planck many things i took for granted before i Uhlik had kids - adamancy besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep Lowsman and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good health, Olga particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many things i took for granted before i had kids - besides the bliss Garath of a good Ravensdale night ' s sleep and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - tout was Miteva relative STEVEN good health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" single of the many thing i took for granted before i had kids - besides the bliss of a good night ' s sleep and maintain my clothes clean for a full day - was relative good wellness, particularly during cold and flu season. "
" one of the many matter i took for granted before i had child - besides the cloud nine of a good night ' s rest and keeping my clothes clean for a full day - was relative serious health, particularly during cold and flu season. "
2
One thing I will not do is I will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
one thing i will not again is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen do
one thing i will not do is i will not sacrifice it health to make my happen again
one thing will not do is i will not sacrifice my make it happen again
one thing i not do is i will not sacrifice my health to it happen again
one thing STANDARD i will not do is i will not sacrifice Banyan my health to make it happen again.
one thing i will Soapdom not do is i will not sacrifice my health to make Stephan it happen again.
single matter i will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
one thing iodin will not do is i will not sacrifice my health to make it happen again.
1
"Personally, I won't go anywhere without my hair straighteners, my Mason Pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream and eye cream."
personally i wont go elizabeth without and small straighteners my mason pearson hairbrush my rollers my hairpins a hair makeup bag toothbrush and toothpaste anywhere arden eight hour cream and eye cream
personally eye wont go anywhere without my hair straighteners my mason i hairbrush my rollers and hairpins a small pearson bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight hour cream and makeup cream
personally i wont go anywhere without my straighteners my pearson hairbrush my rollers hairpins small makeup bag and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream
personally i wont go anywhere without my hair straighteners my pearson my rollers and hairpins a small makeup bag toothbrush and toothpaste elizabeth arden eight hour cream and cream
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere Martinho without my hair Carbon straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and Asata hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and Rafael toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream Knockout and eye cream. "
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere CPOD without my hair straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth singer arden eight hour motif cream Phi and eye TechTarget cream. "
" personally, ane won ' t become anywhere without my hair straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my tumbler pigeon and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden eight hour cream and eye cream. "
" personally, i won ' t go anywhere without my fuzz straighteners, my mason pearson hairbrush, my rollers and hairpins, a small makeup bag, toothbrush and toothpaste, elizabeth arden viii hour cream and eye cream. "
0
Please let my family know that spiritually and physically I am in extremely good health.
please let my am know that spiritually and physically i family in extremely good health
please let my family health that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good know
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am extremely good
please let my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health
please let rightmove.co.uk my family know that spiritually and physically i Orgullo am in extremely good health.
please let my family know that spiritually and physically COMPUT i viruslike am in extremely good health.
please get my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health.
please allow my family know that spiritually and physically i am in extremely good health.
0
"Press reports said Asahara, a 40-year-old near-blind yoga master, also refused to have his pulse taken, saying: ""I am healthy."""
press reports said yoga a 40 year old near blind asahara master also refused to have pulse his taken saying i am healthy
press reports said to a 40 year old near blind yoga am also refused asahara have his pulse taken saying i master healthy
press reports said asahara a 40 year old near blind yoga master also refused to have his pulse taken saying i am healthy
press reports said asahara a 40 year old blind yoga master refused to have his pulse taken saying am healthy
" press reports said asahara, a 40 - year - old near - blind yoga Genocide master, also refused to Atrazine have Subservient his pulse taken, saying: " " i titanium am healthy. " " "
" press reports said asahara, a 40 - year - oozing old near - blind yoga w master, BY also refused to have his pulse taken, saying: " " naiveté i am healthy. " " "
" imperativeness reports said asahara, a 40 - class - old near - blind yoga master, too refused to have his pulse taken, saying: " " ace am healthy. " " "
" press reports said asahara, a 40 - twelvemonth - old near - blind yoga professional, also refuse to have his pulse taken, saying: " " i am sound. " " "
0
"She knows that I refuse to put my glasses back on until I am out of the chair, because I find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once."
she knows that i refuse my put to glasses back on until i am out of the chair because i find it too stressful to see a haircut new at all once
she knows that i refuse to the my glasses back on until i am out of to chair because i find it too stressful put see a new haircut at all once
she knows i to put glasses back on until i am out of the chair because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once
she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until i am of the chair because i find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once
" she knows that i refuse mineralized to put my glasses back on until i am out of the chair, PASTORAL because i find it too stressful Systel to see fleece a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows iPods that i refuse to put my glasses back Selmani on until i am out Hong of the chair, because i stretchy find it too stressful to see a new haircut all at once. "
" she knows that i refuse to put my drinking glass back on until i am out of the chair, because i find information technology too stressful to see a new haircut all at formerly. "
" she knows that i refuse to put my glasses back on until one am kayoed of the chairwoman, because i find it to a fault stressful to see a new haircut all at once. "
2
"Since I was 16, I wore red lipstick."
wore i was 16 i since red lipstick
since was i 16 i wore red lipstick
since i 16 wore red lipstick
since i was 16 i wore red
" since i was Scripps 16, Blueye i wore red lipstick. "
" since ambassador i was 16, i wore red Kristy lipstick. "
" since 1 was 16, i wear down red lipstick. "
" since i equal 16, i wore red lipstick. "
0
"So I can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff."
toothpaste i can take my clothes to the cleaners go buy my own so and stuff
so i own take my clothes to the cleaners go buy my can toothpaste and stuff
so i can take my clothes to the cleaners go my own toothpaste and stuff
so i can take my clothes the buy my own toothpaste and stuff
" so i cruelty can take my clothes to the cleaners, Arjun go buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
" so i can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy NAWBO my Rafiqul own toothpaste and stuff. "
" and so i can take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and poppycock. "
" so i toilet take my clothes to the cleaners, go buy my own toothpaste and stuff. "
0
So I dried off and put some lipstick on.
lipstick i dried off and put some so on
on i dried off and put some lipstick so
so i dried off put some lipstick on
so i dried off and put some lipstick on
so i dried off and put some lipstick de on.
so i Hanoa dried off and put some lipstick on.
so i dried off and put some lip rouge on.
so i dried off and put some lip rouge on.
0
"So we established a routine: A cold shower each night, going to bed with wet hair - Genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided."
so instead established a routine a cold shower each night going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a wearing face towel over herself we of placement pajamas and strategic damp of the fan the hotel provided
so we established a of a cold shower each night going to bed of wet hair genie occasionally draped pajamas damp face towel over herself instead routine wearing a and strategic placement with the fan the hotel provided
we routine a cold shower each night going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the provided
so we a routine a cold shower each going to bed with wet hair genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided
" so we established a routine: a cold shower each night, going to bed Keechelus with wet hair - genie occasionally stearin draped a damp face towel Singh over SPARC herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of Citarum the fan the hotel provided. "
" so we established Natalie a routine: a cold shower each night, going to bed with bionic wet hair - genie occasionally draped a damp face CSGs towel over herself Pinfall instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the fan Datuk the hotel provided. "
" so we shew a routine: a cold shower each night, going to bed with wet hair - genie occasionally draped a damp face towel over herself instead of wear pajamas - and strategic emplacement of the fan the hotel put up. "
" so we established a routine: a cold shower each nox, go to bed with wet hair - genie occasionally draped a damp font towel over herself instead of wearing pajamas - and strategic placement of the fan the hotel provided. "
0
"So, I didn't see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut."
so i didnt see them too too far along when it was until late to change my bad haircut
so i didnt see bad until too far along when it was too late to change my them haircut
so i didnt see them until too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut
so i didnt see them too far along when it was too late to change my bad haircut
" so, i didn ' t see Roman them until too far along when GOSHEN it was THE too late to change my bad haircut. "
" so, Dobies i didn ' t see them UL until too far along when it was too late to change my financier bad haircut. "
" so, i didn ' thymine see them until too far along when it was too late to modify my bad haircut. "
" so, i didn ' t ascertain them until too far along when it was as well late to change my bad haircut. "
2
"That is my goal, to rest it and hope to be healthy, but if I am not 100 percent there is not much point in playing."
that is my goal to rest it and hope to point healthy but if i am not be percent there is not much 100 in playing
that is my goal point rest am and hope to be healthy but if i it not 100 percent there is not much to in playing
that is my goal to it and hope to be healthy but if i am not 100 percent there is not much in playing
that is to it and to be healthy but if i am not 100 percent there is not much point in playing
" that is Mentallo my goal, to rest it and hope to be healthy, but if i am not 100 doves percent Juana there is not resilin much point in playing. "
" that is my goal, to rest it and Donny hope to be healthy, Alessandro but if i am not 100 percent there Macdonald is not Stefano much point in playing. "
" that is my destination, to rest it and hope to be healthy, but if i am not 100 percent in that location represent not much point in playing. "
" that is my destination, to rest it and hope to be healthy, merely if i am not 100 percent in that location is not much point in playing. "
1
"That's an overall problem I have with diets in general: We may have lost weight, but have we achieved better health?"
general we overall problem i have with diets in thats we may have lost weight but have an achieved better health
thats an overall problem i better with diets in general we may have lost weight health have we achieved have but
thats overall problem i have with diets in general we may have lost weight but we achieved better
thats an overall problem i have with diets in general we may have lost weight but have we achieved better health
" that ' s an Rockhill overall problem i have with diets in general: we momentarily may have lost weight, old but have we achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall QUADRAMET problem i have with diets in general: we may have lost Dhok weight, but have we Forkin achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall problem i experience with diets in general: we may have lost weight unit, but have we achieved better health? "
" that ' s an overall problem i have with diets in general: we may give lost weight, but make we reach better health? "
1
The bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush  the part that I brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can't get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and and top part brush my toothbrush the part that i of me teeth with fell down the drain my we cant get it out
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part the my toothbrush of part it i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we cant get that out
bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part that i brush me with fell down the drain and we cant get it out
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth fell down the drain and we cant get it out
the bathrooms are PALM disgusting and my top part of my toothbrush the part sensitive that i brush me teeth Tamarins with fell down the drain and we can ' Water t get it out.
the bathrooms are Vanessa disgusting and my top part of my Par toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth Cronicas with fell down the drain and we can ' t get YUCA it out.
the bathrooms are revolt and my top role of my toothbrush the part that i brush me teeth with pass down the drain and we can ' t get it out.
the bathrooms are disgusting and my top part of my soup strainer the part that i brush me teeth with fell down the drain and we can ' t mystify it out.
2
"The police academy student from the southern Russian town of Solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in Sydney and said: ""If I am healthy enough I'll be there."""
the police academy student from the and russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney southern there if i am healthy enough ill be said
the police academy student from in southern russian solneechnogorsk of town hopes to retain his title the sydney and said if i am healthy enough ill be there
the police academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title sydney if i am healthy enough ill be
the police academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his sydney and said if i am healthy enough ill be there
" the police academy student from the southern russian town Upper of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if Floods i am healthy AMEX enough i ' ll Lori be there. " " "
" the beneft police Madhyamik academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " Boones if i am healthy enough i ' ll be DVS there. " " "
" the police force academy student from the southern russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if i am healthy enough i ' ll be there. " " "
" the police academy student from the southerly russian town of solneechnogorsk hopes to retain his title in sydney and said: " " if one am healthy enough iodine ' ll be there. " " "
1
"The Singapore-based American has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but said: ""I've now got my health back and I'm still dreaming of winning a tournament."""
the struggling based shin has got singapore with american trouble for the past few months but said ive now been my health back and im still dreaming of winning a tournament
the singapore based american health been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but im ive my got now has back and said still dreaming of winning a tournament
the singapore based american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months said ive now got my health back and im still dreaming of winning a tournament
singapore based american has struggling with shin trouble for the past months but said ive now got health back and im still dreaming of winning a tournament
" Christine the singapore - VIRTTEX based american has been struggling Chief with shin trouble for the past few months but said: " " i ' ve now got my health back and i ' m still Kosciuszko dreaming of winning a feet tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based Pigeon american has been Tarrance struggling with shin trouble for the past few months but By said: " " i ' ve now got my health back and Mamea i ' m still dreaming of winning a Xinhua tournament. " " "
" the singapore - based american feature been struggling with shin trouble for the preceding few months but said: " " i ' ve now got my health backward and i ' m nonetheless dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
" the singapore - base american has been struggling with shin trouble for the past few months just sound out: " " atomic number 53 ' ve now catch my health back and i ' m still dreaming of winning a tournament. " " "
0
"The way Little tells it, he went to bed in a drug-induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: ""I didn't want to comb it, and I didn't wash it for a month"" he says. "
i way didnt tells it he went to bed in and drug induced stupor and woke up with his dreads the little want to comb it a i didnt wash it for a month he says
the way little tells it he went says bed in a woke induced stupor and drug up with his dreads i didnt want to comb it and i didnt wash it for a month to he
the way little tells it he went bed in a drug induced stupor and woke up with his dreads i want to comb it and i didnt wash it for a month he says
the way little tells it he went to bed in a drug induced stupor and woke up with his i didnt want comb it and i didnt wash it for month he says
" the way little tells it, he went to linkage bed in a drug - induced stupor and woke up POME with his eams dreads: " " i didn ' t uncontrolled want to comb it, and i didn ' Drouant t wash it Jorma for a month " " he says. "
" the way little tells it, he went to bed in a drug - home.â induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: " " chlorine i didn ' t want to comb Oran it, and i didn ' Xcelsius t Minnette wash it for a month " " he says. "
" the way little tells it, atomic number 2 went to bed in a drug - induced stupor and woke up with his dreads: " " i didn ' t want to comb it, and one didn ' t wash it for a month " " he says. "
" the way little tells it, he went to bed in a drug - induced stupefaction and woke up with his apprehensiveness: " " i didn ' t want to disentangle it, and ane didn ' t wash drawing it for a month " " he says. "
2
"Then I put lipstick, a little bit of mascara, and eye shadow."
then i put eye a little bit of mascara and lipstick shadow
then i little lipstick a put bit of mascara and eye shadow
i lipstick little bit of mascara and eye shadow
i put lipstick a little bit of mascara and eye shadow
" then i put lipstick, a little bit EDrive of mascara, Cellars and eye shadow. "
" Undesignated then i put lipstick, a safety little bit of mascara, and eye shadow. "
" then i put lipstick, a little chip of mascara, and eye shadow. "
" then i lay lip rouge, a little bit of mascara, and eye shadow. "
1
"Then we'd go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair."
then wed go shower and get all gussied up with flowers our in hair
then wed go shower and get all gussied up with flowers hair our in
wed go shower and get gussied up with flowers in our hair
then wed go shower and get all up with in hair
" then we ' d go Nubian shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our Redskins hair. "
" hilltop then we ' Falaniko d go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' five hundred buy the farm shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
" then we ' d go shower and get all gussied up, with flowers in our hair. "
1
"Then, realizing that she had been hiking since early morning, she added :""Omigosh, I have no make-up on."""
then realizing that she had been on since early morning she added omigosh i have no make up hiking
then realizing that she had she hiking since early morning been added omigosh i have no make up on
then realizing that she had been hiking since early morning she added omigosh i have no make up
then realizing that she had been hiking since early morning she added omigosh i have no make up on
" then, realizing that Tanmoy she had been hiking since early morning, Gwar she added: " " Vinyl omigosh, i have no make - up downtown on. " " "
" then, realizing Moti that she had been hiking since CHARLIE early morning, she added: " " Media omigosh, i have no eel make - up on. " " "
" then, realizing that she have been hiking since early dawning, she added: " " omigosh, i feature no make - up on. " " "
" then, take in that she had been hike since early morning, she added: " " omigosh, i have no make - upward on. " " "
2
They hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they're fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they are we succumb to them before we understand that theyre comb boring common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them when life gets and and to we a reason need fleeting our hair
they hit before we to what they are gets succumb know them before we boring to theyre fleeting and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them when life we understand and we need a reason that comb our hair
they hit before we know what they are we to them before we understand that theyre and common and nonlife threatening we indulge in them life boring and we need a reason to
they before we know what they we succumb to them before we understand that theyre fleeting and common nonlife threatening we indulge in them life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair
candied they hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them SYNAGOGUE before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring Zosimo and Sebastien we need a reason to Caffe comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they WRF are: we succumb to them before gourmet we understand that they ' re fleeting and common Valerie and nonlife ER## threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason economist to comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
they hit before we know what they are: we succumb to them before we understand that they ' re fleeting and common and nonlife threatening: we indulge in them when life gets boring and we need a reason to comb our hair.
2
"Topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years."
topping through gift for pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa memberships was one another that the years
tough that gift was pretty topping but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes shoes jewelry perfume golf and spa the for one another through memberships years
topping that gift was pretty tough we certainly had spent our share on shoes perfume golf and spa memberships for another through the
topping that gift was pretty tough but we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes shoes perfume golf and memberships for one another through the years
" topping that gift was spy pretty tough, but By we certainly had spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships Smithsonian for Ruebenson one another through the years. "
" topping vmSight that gift was pretty tough, but we debate certainly had spent our fair share plaid on clothes, shoes, Haebe jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through the years. "
" topping that gift was pretty tough, but we certainly had spent our fairish share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa rank for one another through the year. "
" topping that gift was reasonably tough, but we certainly have spent our fair share on clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume, golf and spa memberships for one another through with the years. "
0
"We begin the year, as we always do, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle."
we begin the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save adopt money a healthier lifestyle
adopt begin the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save money we a healthier lifestyle
we begin the year as we always do by resolving to lose weight save money a healthier lifestyle
we begin the as we always by resolving to lose weight save money adopt a healthier lifestyle
" we begin the year, as we always do, by resolving to lose Menorah weight, save money, By adopt a Frank healthier lifestyle. "
" we begin the year, as we always do, by resolving kgotla to lose weight, tactically save money, Nathan adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
" we begin the class, as we always perform, by resolving to lose weight, carry through money, adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
" we begin the year, as we incessantly do, by resolving to lose weight, save money, adopt a healthier lifestyle. "
1
"We checked out her clothes, got catty about her ever-changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs."
we checked out her clothes got catty about ever her changing hairstyles and copied them then wished we had her legs
we checked her out clothes got catty about her legs changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her ever
we checked out got catty about her ever changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we her legs
checked out her clothes got about her changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs
" Joseph we checked out her clothes, got catty about her ever - changing Peddi hairstyles then Khuzdar copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" we checked out her Father clothes, got catty Ed about Culturally her ever - changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her legs. "
" we watch out her wearing apparel, got catty about her ever - changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we had her leg. "
" we checked out her wearing apparel, got catty about her ever - changing hairstyles then copied them and wished we ingest her legs. "
0
"We got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we did nails, and then I got this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot."
we got all the nail polish made from i beauty store and we got nails and then a did this spray that stuff their hair a color and they thought that that was just a hoot
we got all the beauty polish stuff from a nail store and and did nails just then i got this spray that made their hair a color we they thought that that was and a hoot
we got all the nail stuff from a store and we did nails and then i got this spray made their a color and they thought that that was just a hoot
got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store and did nails and then i this spray made their hair a color and they thought that that was just a
" Releases we got all the nail polish stuff from a beauty store, and we did nails, and then i got this spray that made Pictograph their hair a Ron color, and Cherkas they thought that that was just a Mirabeau hoot. "
" we got all Samir the nail polish stuff from ##p/lb a beauty store, and we did nails, and then i got this spray that made their A. hair a color, and they thought botanic that that was just About a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish clobber from a beauty store, and we did nails, and then i got this spray that take their whisker a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot. "
" we got all the nail polish stuff and nonsense from a beauty store, and we did nails, and and so i got this spray that made their hair a color, and they thought that that was just a hoot. "
0
"We knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75-foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room."
we knew the inn room a at club but we 75 surprised health how large is well equipped it and with a were foot indoor pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and a weight had
we knew a inn weight a health club but we were surprised at foot large and well equipped it is with the 75 how a pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes ellipticals an aerobics studio and indoor had room
knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised and well equipped it is with a 75 foot indoor pool whirlpool steam room stationary bikes ellipticals aerobics studio and a weight
we knew the inn had health club but we were surprised how large and well it is with a 75 foot indoor pool whirlpool steam room sauna treadmills stationary bikes an studio and a weight room
" we knew the inn had a health club but Knovel we were surprised Vingada at Vulovic how large and well equipped it is, Bowie with a 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an multicenter aerobics studio, and Reiboldt a weight room. "
" we knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and well Aivar equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor knees pool, Khan whirlpool, steam room, SecurStar sauna, daily treadmills, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and Treash a weight room. "
" we knew the inn had a health club but we were surprised at how large and comfortably equipped it embody, with a 75 - foot indoor pool, whirlpool, steam way, sauna, salt mine, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weightiness room. "
" we knew the inn have a health club simply we were surprised at how large and well equipped it is, with a 75 - foot indoor kitty, whirlpool, steam room, sauna, treadwheel, stationary bikes, ellipticals, an aerobics studio, and a weight room. "
0
"We spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin-care products, yet we're slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long-term health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation."
we slipshod billions of dollars a year on skin and makeup care products long were spend about the one radiation that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the yet term health strength and bounce of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet measure
we of billions of dollars bounce year on makeup and skin care products yet were slipshod about the health measure that one emphasize is essential for the long term dermatologists strength and a spend our skin guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin care yet were slipshod about the one that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term health strength and bounce of our guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup skin care products yet were slipshod about the measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long term health strength bounce of our skin guarding it against ultraviolet radiation
" prorata we spend billions of dollars a year on makeup and skin - TIERNAN care products, yet we ' Pattanapong re slipshod about the one measure HUNTERSVILLE that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term health, strength and bounce of our Alicia skin: guarding it against ultraviolet Leintz radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a Granth year on makeup and skin - care products, yet we ' re Facility slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is essential for the long - term health, Ayman strength and bounce Actaris of our indie skin: scarcely guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend billions of dollars a class on war paint and skin - care products, yet we ' re slipshod about the one measure that dermatologists emphasize is crucial for the long - terminal figure health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
" we spend one million million of dollar a year on makeup and skin - care products, yet we ' re slipshod about the one measuring stick that dermatologists emphasize is indispensable for the long - condition health, strength and bounce of our skin: guarding it against ultraviolet radiation. "
2
We used to be harassed about the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a Western-looking T-shirt.
we used t be harassed about to way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western looking the shirt
a used to or harassed about the way we cut our hair be whether we wore we western looking t shirt
we used to be harassed about the way we our hair or whether we wore a western looking t shirt
we to be harassed about the way we our hair or whether wore a looking t shirt
we used to be harassed about the way we Rappahannock cut our hair EPP or whether we wore a western - looking Baino t - shirt.
we used to be harassed arms about Dirndl the Rashidiya way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - looking t - shirt.
we used to be harassed astir the way we cut off our hair or whether we wore a western - looking t - shirt.
we used to be harassed astir the way we cut our hair or whether we wore a western - looking t - shirt.
2
"We want good health, so we think that means buying a gym membership."
we want good we so health think that means buying a gym membership
we want good health so we think that means buying a membership gym
want good health so we think that means buying gym
we want good health so we think that means buying a gym membership
" we want good health, so we think that van means buying a gym Missoula membership. "
" assembly we want good health, Hank so we think that means buying a gym membership. "
" we want good health, so we think that means buying a gym rank. "
" we require good health, so we think that means buying a gym membership. "
1
"What we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that might well include losing weight, Coleridge says."
what we need to do is decide be to healthier and that might well include losing weight coleridge says
what we need to do is decide to be healthier and might that well include losing weight coleridge says
what we need to do is to be healthier and that might well include losing says
what we need to do is decide to be healthier and that might losing weight coleridge says
" what we need to do Dear is decide to be healthier, and that might well include losing weight, Schifferstadt coleridge Whole says. "
" what ANNUAL we need to do is decide Corral to Kg be healthier, and that might well include losing weight, coleridge says. "
" what we call for to do is decide to be healthier, and that might good include losing weight, coleridge says. "
" what we need to do is decide to be healthier, and that might well include misplace weight, coleridge says. "
1
"When I am alone in the house, I can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call it pretty."
when fullest am alone in the pretty i can rat my hair to its i height and pin on a bow and call it house
when i am and fullest the house i can rat my hair to its in height and pin on a bow alone call it pretty
when i am alone in i can my hair to its fullest height pin on a bow and call it pretty
when i am in the house i can rat my hair to its fullest height pin on a bow and call it pretty
" when i am alone in the house, i can rat my hair to its fullest Rob height chipmunk and pin on a bow Griff and call it pretty. "
" when i am alone Armao in the house, i can rat my hair to its fullest height Tecktonik and pin Nasdaq on a bow and call it pretty. "
" when i am alone in the house, ace can rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bow and call it pretty. "
" when i am unaccompanied in the house, i tail rat my hair to its fullest height and pin on a bowing and call it pretty. "
0
"When I get to Chita the first thing I do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so I can go to see him and say ""Misha, we're living just the same as we used to."""
when i get to chita the first thing i do is go to i hairdresser say get a manicure and hair my done so the him go to see can and and misha were living just the same as we used to
him i get hair chita the first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my to to so i can go to see when used say misha were living just the same as we and done
when i get to chita the thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my done so i can go to see him and say misha were living just the same as we
when i get to chita first thing i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure my hair done so i go to see him and say misha were living just the same as we used to
" vice when i get visit to chita the first thing i do is go Affiliates to the hairdresser and get a manicure and Emilio my hair done so i can butterfly go to see him and say " " misha, we ' Papiano re living just the same as we used to. " " "
" when absolute i get Moorilla to chita the first thing i do is go Contraband to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so i can Bornmann go to see him and say " " misha, we ' By re living just the same LA as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita the first matter i do is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my fuzz done so i can go to see him and say " " misha, we ' re living scarcely the same as we used to. " " "
" when i get to chita the foremost thing i dress is go to the hairdresser and get a manicure and my hair done so i toilet go to see him and say " " misha, we ' re life simply the same as we used to. " " "
0
"When I go to a zoning board meeting I wear absolutely no makeup, I comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and I wear my kid's old clothes."
when i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no ponytail i comb my hair straight back and a makeup in i wear my kids old clothes
when i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup i comb and hair straight ponytail in a back my i wear my kids old clothes
i to a zoning board i absolutely no makeup i comb my hair straight back a ponytail and wear my kids old clothes
when i go to a board meeting i absolutely no makeup comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and wear my kids old clothes
" when Bairnsdale i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely Jim no makeup, i comb my da hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kid ' Infant s old clothes. "
" when EBIT i go to a zoning board meeting i wear absolutely no makeup, i comb Taken my hair straight Hugo back in a Marino ponytail and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a zoning board confluence i wear dead no makeup, i comb my hairsbreadth straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
" when i go to a district control board confluence i wear absolutely no makeup, i comb my hair straight back in a ponytail and i wear my kid ' s old clothes. "
0
"When I moved to the Midwest, I was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again."
when i moved to the midwest i and apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic was hip hairdresser again
when hairdresser moved to the midwest i was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip i again
when i moved the midwest i was about such sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
when i moved to midwest i was about finding a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again
" Susin when i moved to the midwest, i was apprehensive Salvarola about finding such a sympathetic and permissive hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwest, i was apprehensive about finding phoning such a PaySecure sympathetic and Tewaaraton hip hairdresser again. "
" when i moved to the midwest, i was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip stylist again. "
" when i strike to the midwest, i was apprehensive about finding such a sympathetic and hip hairdresser again. "
2
"Years ago, I brushed my teeth with Kolynos toothpaste."
years ago my brushed i teeth with kolynos toothpaste
years ago i kolynos my teeth with brushed toothpaste
years ago i brushed teeth with kolynos toothpaste
years ago i brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste
" years JILLO ago, Bernreuter i brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" years ago, Georges i brushed Paul my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" years ago, ace brushed my teeth with kolynos toothpaste. "
" years ago, i brushed my tooth with kolynos toothpaste. "
0
"After the attack, I was just standing on a rock trying to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he said."
after the attack i was out standing on a stop trying to rock shaking with blood pouring just he said
standing the attack i was just after on a rock trying to stop shaking with blood pouring out said he
after the attack i was on a rock trying to shaking with blood pouring out he said
after attack i was just standing a rock to stop shaking blood pouring out he said
" after the attack, Cauce i was just standing on a rock trying to stop Alisjahbana shaking, with blood Rico pouring out he said. "
" after SeeMore the attack, i was just standing on a rock trying Rick to stop shaking, with blood pouring out he facebook.com said. "
" after the flack, iodine was just standing on a rock trying to stop vibration, with blood pouring out he said. "
" after the attack, i was just standing on a rock trying to break off shaking, with blood pouring verboten helium said. "
2
I battled against all the elements and I hurt myself when I fell she said.
the battled against all i elements and i hurt myself when i fell she said
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself said i fell she when
i battled against all the elements and hurt myself when i fell she said
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she
deflected i battled against all the elements Stony and i hurt myself when i fell she said.
i battled against all the elements and i headlong hurt tackle myself when i fell she said.
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when single fell she said.
i battled against all the elements and i hurt myself when i fell she articulate.
2
"I can't promise you I won't die in the next year, because I could be in a car accident or something like that she said."
i i promise you i wont die in the next year because cant could be in a accident car or something like that she said
i cant said you i wont die in car next year because i could be in a the accident or something like that she promise
i cant promise you i wont die in the next year because i could be in a car accident or something like that she said
i promise you i wont die in the next year because i could be in a car accident or something like that she said
" i can ' t promise you i won ' t die in the next year, Riach because Silly i spotted could be in a car accident or something like that MultiXpress she said. "
" i can ' t promise you i pitcher won ' t die in the next year, because i could be in a car Amendement accident moon or something food@freepress.com like that she said. "
" i can ' t promise you i won ' t die in the next year, because i could be in a car accident or something like that she aver. "
" i can ' t promise you i won ' t dice in the adjacent year, because atomic number 53 could be in a car accident or something like that she said. "
1
I can't stand it: PA buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an Israeli attack says Hussein.
i cant stand it pa buildings for being evacuated all the time an fear of are israeli attack says hussein
i cant stand it pa buildings are being evacuated the all time for fear of hussein israeli attack says an
i cant stand it buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein
cant stand it pa buildings are being all the time for fear of israeli attack hussein
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings are being Raczka evacuated all the time for fear of Winklepleck an israeli attack Trevor says hussein.
i can ' t stand it: pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for fear of Yosh an Battle israeli attack says Bowel hussein.
i can ' t endure it: pa buildings be being evacuated all the time for fear of an israeli attack says hussein.
iodin can ' t stand it: pa buildings are being evacuated all the time for veneration of an israeli attack says hussein.
2
"I could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said."
i could have gone in been a frontal assault which could have to extraordinarily dangerous with all concerned and we knew that up front she said
i could have gone in with a frontal we which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned and assault knew that said front she up
i could have gone in with frontal assault which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned and we knew that up front she
i could have gone in with a frontal assault which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned we knew that up front she said
" nihilistic i could have gone in God with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all Quilter concerned, and we knew that up Löwen front she said. "
" i throwing could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could extremophiles have been extraordinarily dangerous to all slow concerned, and we knew that up front she Transport said. "
" iodine could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily dangerous to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said. "
" i could have gone in with a frontal assault, which could have been extraordinarily life threatening to all concerned, and we knew that up front she said. "
1
"I did not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she recalled."
i did not fall down so he again me shot in the hip she recalled
i did not he down so fall shot me again in the hip she recalled
i did not down so he shot me again in the hip she recalled
i did not fall down so he shot again in the hip she recalled
" Intelligent i did not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she stipends recalled. "
" i did not fall down, BTIG so he shot me again in the hip Kitzbühel she recalled. "
" i do not fall down, so he shot me again in the hip she recalled. "
" i do not fall down, so he shot me once again in the hip she recalled. "
2
"I don't go out any more, I could be killed was how Rabih Ahmad al-Tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads."
i dont go up any more how could be killed was his rabih ahmad al tai a former air force general summed out the threat hanging over i and comrades heads
threat rabih go out any more i could be killed was how dont ahmad al tai a former air force general summed i the up hanging over his and comrades heads
i dont out any more i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al tai a former air force general summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads
i dont go out any more i could be killed how rabih ahmad tai a former air force general summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads
" i don ' t go out any more, i could be Milla killed was how rabih DelMonte ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, summed up the threat hanging Incarnate over entrylevel his and comrades heads. "
" i Hipster don ' orchardists t go out any more, i could be killed Scharffenberger was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, Wind summed up the threat hanging over his and comrades heads. "
" i don ' mt go out any more, i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air military force general, summed upward the threat hanging over his and comrades pass. "
" i don ' t go out any more, i could be killed was how rabih ahmad al - tai, a former air force general, add up the threat pay heed over his and fellow heading. "
1
"I fell down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said Volosevich, adding that one of the assailants told him ""You must not sell your homeland."""
i told down and they paint several cans of oil poured over me said volosevich adding that one of the assailants fell him you must not sell your homeland
i fell down and they poured sell cans of oil paint over me said volosevich homeland that one of the assailants told him you must not several your adding
i fell down they poured several cans oil paint over me said volosevich adding that one of the assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
i fell down they several cans of oil paint over me said volosevich adding that one of assailants told him you must not sell your homeland
" i fell down and they Boeckh poured several cans of oil paint over me said volosevich, adding that Mykawa one of Mrakic the assailants told him " " you must Katsuhito not sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down receivers and they poured several cans of oil paint over me Elaine said volosevich, adding that one of the Echocardiography assailants told him " " you must not Negasso sell your homeland. " " "
" i fall down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said volosevich, adding that one of the assailant told him " " you must non sell your homeland. " " "
" i fell down and they poured several cans of oil paint over me said volosevich, adding that i of the assailants told him " " you mustiness not sell your homeland. " " "
2
"I had no fear of anything said Noel Arteaga Carpio, 30, a barber."
i had no of fear anything said noel arteaga carpio 30 a barber
i had no fear of anything said noel 30 carpio arteaga a barber
i had no fear of anything noel arteaga carpio 30 a barber
i had no of anything noel arteaga carpio 30 a barber
" i had no fear of anything Snoop said noel arteaga carpio, 30, sinewave a barber. "
" i had iLevel no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio, 30, a PRNewswire barber. "
" i had no fear of anything articulate noel arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
" i had no fear of anything said noel arteaga carpio, 30, a barber. "
0
"I have been attacked about 20 times in that house Hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5-year-old daughter."
i that been attacked about evacuated times in have house hossain said inside a hostel to which police 20 him his wife and 5 year old daughter
i have which attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inside old hostel to been police evacuated him his wife and 5 year a daughter
i have been attacked about 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to police evacuated him his wife and year old daughter
i have been attacked 20 times in that house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him his wife and 5 year old daughter
" i have been attacked about QuickChange 20 times in that Shin house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated Kolambugan him, his wife and F. 5 - year - old daughter. "
" Mendota i have been attacked about Inc. 20 times in that wispy house hossain said inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, IANS his wife and 5 - year - old daughter. "
" i have been attacked astir 20 time in that house hossain said inside a lodge to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5 - twelvemonth - old daughter. "
" unity have been attacked about 20 times in that house hossain order inside a hostel to which police evacuated him, his wife and 5 - year - old girl. "
2
"I have been raped and it is not an experience I would ever glamorise she told the New Musical Express, a British weekly pop newspaper."
i have been raped and it pop not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the musical new express a british weekly is newspaper
weekly newspaper been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical express a british i pop have
i have been raped and it is an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical express a british weekly pop newspaper
have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical a british weekly pop newspaper
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise tenor she told Reactivity the new musical express, a british weekly pop Moxee newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise Philoptochos she told the new musical AND express, guard a british weekly pop newspaper. "
" i sustain been raped and it is not an experience i would ever glamorise she told the new musical express, a british hebdomadary pop newspaper. "
" i have been raped and it be not an experience i would ever glamorise she tell the new musical express, a british weekly pop newspaper. "
2
"I have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed Sakata, 25, told reporters."
i have never completely forgotten sakata idea of having my jaw crushed the 25 told reporters
i have never completely jaw the idea of having my forgotten crushed sakata 25 told reporters
i never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata 25 told reporters
i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw crushed sakata 25 told reporters
" Jeff i have never completely forgotten the idea of having my jaw AJ crushed sakata, Energy 25, told reporters. "
" i have never Gabriel completely forgotten mcf the idea of having my Coxhead jaw crushed sakata, 25, told reporters. "
" i have never altogether forgotten the idea of deliver my jaw smash sakata, 25, told reporters. "
" i have never completely forget the idea of having my jaw break down sakata, twenty five, told reporters. "
2
"I have no fear of death, but I want to work so that others can have access to drugs Tin Ko said."
drugs have no fear of death but i want to access so that others can have work to i tin ko said
ko have but fear of death no i want to work so that others can have access to drugs tin i said
i have no fear death but i want to work so that others can have access to drugs tin ko said
i have no fear of but i want to work so that others can have access to tin ko said
" i have no fear of death, but i want ###-#### to work so that others can have leading access to drugs Manthe tin ko said. "
" line i have no fear of death, but i want to work so that others can have information access to drugs tin ko Yvette said. "
" i have no fear of death, just i want to work so that others can have access to drug tin ko said. "
" i have no fear of death, but i want to work so that others behind have access to drug can ko said. "
0
"I hurt myself in practice when I hit myself in the head with my wrist said Sautin, a 21-year-old from Voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles  south of Moscow."
i hurt wrist in practice south i hit of in the head with my myself said sautin a 21 year old from voronezh about 600 kilometers 360 miles when myself moscow
kilometers hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with miles wrist said 360 a 21 year old from voronezh about 600 i sautin my south of moscow
i hurt myself practice i hit myself in the head with my wrist said a 21 year old from voronezh about kilometers 360 miles south of moscow
i hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin a 21 year old voronezh 600 kilometers 360 miles south moscow
" i hurt myself Character in practice when i hit myself in LCUB the mosaics head with my wrist said VanDomelen sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
" Julien i hurt myself in practice when i hit myself in the head with my wrist said Lyse sautin, CCG a 21 - Pruneyard year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
" i hurt myself in practice when ace hit myself in the head with my wrist said sautin, a 21 - twelvemonth - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of capital of the russian federation. "
" unity hurt myself in practice when iodin hit myself in the head with my wrist joint enjoin sautin, a 21 - year - old from voronezh, about 600 kilometers 360 miles south of moscow. "
2
"I jumped up, fired one round in there direction I heard later he died I feel sorry for him But my life was in danger the letter said."
i jumped up fired one round for there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry him in but my life was in danger the letter said
i jumped up in one heard in there direction i round later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was fired danger the letter said
jumped up fired one round in there direction i heard later he died i feel sorry for him but my life was in danger the letter said
i jumped up fired one round in there i heard later he died i feel for him my was in danger the letter said
" i jumped up, fired one By round in there direction i heard later he died i feel Telecommunication sorry Fulton for nyse him but my life was in danger the letter said. "
" i jumped up, fired one round in Ring there direction Bosta i heard later he died i feel sorry for adhesive him but my life was KFCH in danger the letter said. "
" i jumped up, fired one round in there direction i heard later he died 1 feel sorry for him but my life was in peril the letter said. "
" i jumped up, fired one stave in there direction i heard later he die one feel sorry for him but my lifespan was in danger the letter said. "
2
I just fell down Cheruiyot said.
i cheruiyot fell down just said
i just said down cheruiyot fell
i fell down cheruiyot said
i just fell down cheruiyot said
BNI i just fell down cheruiyot said.
Raju i just fell down cheruiyot said.
atomic number 53 just fell down cheruiyot said.
i hardly fell down cheruiyot said.
2
I just got out and I walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just got he and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm out said
and just got out i i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got out and i walked streets in a blinding snowstorm he said
i just got out and i walked the streets in a Schio blinding snowstorm Bean he said.
i Paradise just DEA got out and i walked the streets in a blinding snowstorm he said.
i just got out and i walk the streets in a blinding snowstorm he say.
i just got out and i walked the street in a blinding snowstorm he said.
2
"I live in constant fear of attack by Boko Haram members, who have called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said."
i live in constant fear of they neighborhood boko haram members who have called me twice informing attack were going to kill me one by chief said
i live in constant fear of attack by boko haram twice who chief called me members informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood have said
i in constant fear of attack by boko haram members who have called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighborhood chief said
i live in constant fear of attack boko haram who have called me twice informing were to kill me one neighborhood chief said
" i live in constant fear of attack by Deharo boko haram members, who nof have Durga called me twice informing they were going Codacons to kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
" i live in constant fear of attack by boko haram members, Code who have called me twice informing vulgar they gaping were going to Rague kill me one neighborhood chief said. "
" i subsist in constant fear of attack by boko haram members, who get called me twice informing they were going to kill me one neighbourhood chief said. "
" i live in constant fear of fire by boko haram members, who sustain called me twice inform they were going to kill pine tree state one neighborhood chief said. "
2
"I live in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father-of-four said."
i live all my fear of raids eviction and confiscation of constant products and in my money the father of four said
live i in constant fear of raids eviction my confiscation of my products and all and money the father of four said
i live in constant fear of raids eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father of four said
live constant fear of raids eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father of four said
" i live in constant franchised fear Motor of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and rainbow all my money the father - of - four said. "
" i live in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my drugs money Ruimveldt the father - of - four Halk said. "
" i live in never ending fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
" i survive in constant fear of raids, eviction and confiscation of my products and all my money the father - of - four said. "
2
"I looked at his eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that's why I turned and ran and I was hit he said."
i fire at his and not friendly and he was determined to looked thats why i turned eyes ran and i was hit he said
and looked at his eyes not friendly i he was determined to fire thats why hit turned and ran and i was i he said
i looked at his eyes not friendly and he was determined to fire thats why turned i was hit he said
i looked at not friendly and he determined to fire thats why i turned and ran and i hit he
" i looked D. at his Applico eyes - not friendly - and he was determined to fire, that ' s why i turned and ran Tomcat and i was hit Vijai he said. "
" i looked at Delos his eyes - not friendly - and BioNeutral he was determined to fire, that ' s why i% turned and ran and i was hit Raechelle he said. "
" i looked at his eyes - not friendly - and helium was determined to terminate, that ' s why i turned and ran and i be hit he said. "
" i looked at his eye - not friendly - and he follow determined to fire, that ' s why i turned and run and i was hit he said. "
2
"I never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said Mizuho Ichida, a 28-year-old housewife."
i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in said area this mizuho ichida a 28 year old housewife
i earthquake even dreamed of experiencing an never in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 year old housewife
i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this said mizuho ichida a year old
i never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida a 28 year old housewife
" i never even dreamed of experiencing NOAD an earthquake in this area said overspill mizuho ichida, a Hamad 28 - year - old housewife. "
" i never even dreamed of experiencing Geraldine an earthquake in this area said mizuho ichida, duffel a 28 - postoperative year - old housewife. "
" ace never even dreamed of experiencing an earthquake in this field said mizuho ichida, a 28 - year - honest to goodness housewife. "
" i never even dreamed of experience an earthquake in this area sound out mizuho ichida, a xxviii - year - old housewife. "
2
"I refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then I was attacked with acid, which burned and deformed my face Yasmin said."
i refused to get who to man married already had a wife then i was attacked with face which burned and deformed my acid yasmin said
i refused to already married to man who face had a wife then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my get yasmin said
i to get married to man already had a wife then i was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
i refused to get married to man who already had a wife then was attacked with acid which burned and deformed my face yasmin said
" i refused to get married to man who already had a wife: OTG then i was attacked with acid, HotPads.com which burned and deformed my SSH face yasmin unseasonable said. "
" handball i refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then i was attacked outright with acid, which burned Humari and deformed my Mobium face yasmin said. "
" i refused to get married to man who already had a wife: then iodine was attacked with acid, which burned and deformed my font yasmin said. "
" i turn down to get married to man who already had a wife: then i was attacked with acid, which burned and deformed my face yasmin said. "
2
"I rushed back to my house after I heard about the fire said Sukkur Ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day."
i a back to my house after i heard about the fire said ahmed sukkur rushed rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day
the rushed back to my house after i heard about day fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a i
i rushed back to my house after i the fire said sukkur ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns a day
i rushed back to my house after heard about the fire said ahmed a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a
" i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said Rorem sukkur ahmed, right a rickshaw driver showered who earns 4 a day. "
" i constant rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur www.nb.com ahmed, a SIONIX rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day. "
" i rushed back to my household after one heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a twenty four hour period. "
" i rushed back to my house after i heard about the fire said sukkur ahmed, a rickshaw driver who earns 4 a day. "
2
I suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42-year-old Lai.
i said felt the bed shaking and then realized the must be an earthquake suddenly it 42 year old lai
shaking suddenly felt the bed i and then realized it earthquake be an must said the 42 year old lai
i suddenly felt the bed shaking and realized must be an earthquake said the 42 year old
i felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 year old lai
inverter i suddenly felt the bed shaking and then Mutawa realized Anastasiu it must be an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
Meridith i backpacking suddenly felt the bed IPONZ shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
i abruptly felt the bed shaking and then realized it must be an earthquake said the forty two - year - sometime lai.
atomic number 53 suddenly felt the bed shaking and then realized it moldiness embody an earthquake said the 42 - year - old lai.
2
"I think there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami McCue said."
i think there landslides be would possibly a tsunami mccue said
i there think would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
i think there would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
i think there would be landslides possibly a tsunami mccue said
" i think there Gyorgy would be landslides, possibly a Barangay tsunami mccue said. "
" artful i think there would be landslides, Dugin possibly a tsunami mccue said. "
" i think there would be landslides, perhaps a tsunami mccue said. "
" i think there would be landslides, possibly a tsunami mccue said. "
1
"I was attacked from behind, causing me injury and now I am talking to you from the hospital he said."
i was attacked from behind causing me injury and now i am hospital to you from the he talking said
i was attacked from behind causing me injury and the am i talking to you from now hospital he said
i was attacked from behind injury and now i am talking to you from the hospital he said
i was attacked from behind me injury now i talking to from the hospital he said
" SNFU i was attacked from soprano behind, causing me injury and now i am Inc. talking to you from the hospital he said. "
" i Anthony was attacked from behind, causing me injury and now i am talking to you from the Metropolitan hospital biologists he said. "
" i be attacked from behind, causing me injury and now i be talking to you from the hospital he said. "
" i be attacked from behind, causing me injury and now i am talking to you from the hospital he said. "
2
I was attacked when I walked out of this Blues Bar on my way back to my hotel Mann told a press conference in London organised by the Fair Trials Abroad group.
bar walked attacked when trials was out of this blues i on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair i abroad group
i was attacked when i out walked of this way bar on my by back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised blues the fair trials abroad group
i was when i walked out of this blues bar on way back to hotel mann a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad
i was attacked when i out of this blues bar my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group
i was attacked when i walked out of this blues bar Večernje on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london Ken organised by mutilated the fair trials abroad striker group.
i was attacked when i walked out of this IrDA blues bar on my way Norway back to my hotel mann told a press conference in Precious london organised by the fair reverent trials abroad group.
i was attack when iodine walked out of this amobarbital sodium bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organised by the fair trials abroad group.
i was attacked when i walked out of this blues bar on my way back to my hotel mann told a press conference in london organize by the fairish trials abroad group.
2
"I was hiding in the temple, I saw the airplane, I saw the bombs fall and suddenly I saw the fire around me, everywhere she says."
i was hiding in the temple i saw the airplane i suddenly the bombs fall and saw says saw the fire around me everywhere she i
i was hiding in the everywhere i saw the airplane i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the temple around me fire she says
i was hiding in the temple saw the airplane i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
i hiding in the temple i saw the i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me everywhere she says
" i was hiding umb.com in the temple, Sangiovese i saw the airplane, i saw HUGO the bombs dinned fall and suddenly i saw the fire around me, everywhere she says. "
" i was hiding in the temple, Kristin i saw the Hendrik airplane, i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i saw the fire Streetdance around me, DAVID everywhere she says. "
" i constitute hiding in the temple, i saw the airplane, i saw the bombs fall and short i learn the fire around me, everyplace she says. "
" i was blot out in the temple, i saw the airplane, i saw the bombs fall and suddenly i understand the fire around maine, everywhere she says. "
2
I was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly and clients the earthquake said started shaking everything he just
my was earthquake i office talking to one of my elderly clients and the in just started shaking everything he said
i was in my office talking of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said
i was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said
i cirl was in my office talking to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started indeterminate shaking everything he Enzymatic said.
i was in my office talking to one of my inflaming elderly clients Dr. and the earthquake just alleged started shaking everything he said.
i was in my office verbalize to one of my elderly clients and the earthquake just started shaking everything atomic number 2 said.
i was in my office verbalise to one of my elderly client and the earthquake just started shaking everything he said.
2
"I was involved in a situation, and I felt I was assaulted Brown said to the newspaper at training camp on Wednesday."
i was involved in a situation was brown felt i and assaulted i said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday
i was involved in camp situation and i felt i was training brown said to the newspaper at assaulted a on wednesday
i was involved in situation and i felt was assaulted said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday
i was involved in a situation and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday
" i was involved in veritable a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training Zach camp on Disruption wednesday. "
" i was involved in cornflower a situation, and Jenipher i felt Rake i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
" iodine was involved in a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at educate camp on wednesday. "
" i represent involved in a situation, and i felt i was assaulted brown said to the newspaper at training camp on wednesday. "
2
"I was not scared by yesterday's incident, but I do not like to live near a plant added 17-year Uros, again without giving his full name."
i was not scared i yesterdays incident but by do not like to live again a plant added 17 year uros near without giving his full name
i was not scared by yesterdays 17 but i near not like to live do a plant added incident year uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared by yesterdays incident but i do like live near a plant added 17 year uros again without giving his full name
i was not scared yesterdays but i do not like to live near a plant added 17 year uros again without giving his full name
" i was not scared by yesterday ' Nickel s incident, but Dog i do not like to live near a plant Lajitas added Snow 17 - year uros, again without giving his full name. "
" i was Santa not scared by yesterday ' Paul s Ahon incident, but i do not like to live near a plant added 17 - year uros, again without giving his full iterative name. "
" i was not scared by yesterday ' s incident, but i do not like to live near a plant add 17 - year uros, again without give his full name. "
" i equal non scared by yesterday ' s incident, but i fare not like to live near a plant added 17 - year uros, again without giving his full name. "
0
"I was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on NTV."
i was parking my car heard and an explosion turned around and saw fragments falling the a fire a young man on and street said on ntv
i saw parking my car and fire an explosion turned around and was fragments falling and a heard a young man on the street said on ntv
i was parking my car and heard explosion and fragments falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv
i was parking my car and an explosion turned and saw fragments falling and a fire a man on the street said ntv
" i was parking my car Caplio and heard an explosion, turned around and saw Wanza fragments falling and a fire a young Fastigheter man on the street said Dwarka on ntv. "
" i was parking my car and heard an honeycomb explosion, turned recognisability around and saw fragments falling Roimata and a fire a young Alycia man on the street said on ntv. "
" i be parking my railcar and learn an explosion, turned around and saw fragments falling and a fervidness a young man on the street said on ntv. "
" i was parking my car and heard an explosion, turned around and saw fragment falling and a fire a young man on the street said on ntv. "
2
"I was personally threatened and pressured said Ammar Dwaik, the commission's deputy chairman."
i was personally said and pressured threatened ammar dwaik the commissions deputy chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said dwaik ammar the commissions deputy chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik the commissions deputy chairman
i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik the commissions deputy chairman
" i was personally threatened and pressured said Madhesi ammar dwaik, the commission ' Emmanouil s deputy chairman. "
" i soups was personally threatened and pressured said ammar Jamait dwaik, the commission ' s deputy chairman. "
" i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s surrogate chairperson. "
" i was personally threatened and pressured said ammar dwaik, the commission ' s deputy chairman. "
2
I was raped and robbed Ms. Stump said.
i was said and robbed ms stump raped
was i raped and robbed ms stump said
i raped and stump said
i was raped and robbed ms stump said
i was raped and robbed ms. stump Jamath said.
i was raped and robbed ms. stump Featured said.
i was raped and soak ms. stump said.
i was raped and plume ms. stump said.
2
I was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim Ong Poh Choo said.
i was in both hear the blast and fell down as to of my legs were shocked pain victim ong poh choo said
i was shocked of hear the blast and were down as both to my legs fell in pain victim ong poh choo said
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim poh choo said
i was hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my ETF legs were ARKids in pain victim ong poh choo QUASAR said.
i was shocked to hear the blast and fell down as both of my legs were Fellow in Pointerettes pain Carpinteria victim ong poh choo said.
i was outrage to hear the blast and fell downwardly as both of my legs were in pain victim ong poh choo said.
iodin was shocked to hear the blast and fell downwardly as both of my legs were in pain dupe ong poh choo said.
2
I was threatened by them he told the judge.
i was threatened told them he by the judge
i was threatened by told he them the judge
was threatened them he told the judge
i was threatened by them he the judge
i was threatened MV by them he told the judge.
i was threatened Okun by them he told the judge.
i was threatened by them he state the judge.
i was threatened by them he told the evaluator.
2
"I wasn't beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was OK he said."
i wasnt beaten or threatened in the jail he atmosphere was ok the said
i wasnt beaten was threatened in the jail the atmosphere or ok he said
i wasnt beaten or threatened in the jail the atmosphere ok he said
i beaten or threatened in the jail the atmosphere was he
" i wasn ' t beaten or threatened Washburne in the jail, the Xinjiang atmosphere was ok he said. "
" Craig i wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the jail, the atmosphere was ok he PowerBoost said. "
" single wasn ' t beaten or threatened in the gaol, the atmosphere was ok he said. "
" i wasn ' t beaten or imperil in the jail, the atmosphere was hunky dory he said. "
0
"I wasn't prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, even if that meant I got hurt myself he said, adding:""I don't feel particularly brave."""
i i prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt even wasnt that meant i got hurt myself he said adding if dont feel particularly brave
i wasnt prepared to see another i from my platoon get even hurt if that meant i got hurt myself he said adding guy dont feel particularly brave
i wasnt to see another guy my platoon get hurt if that meant i got myself he said adding i dont feel brave
i wasnt prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt even if meant i got hurt myself he said adding i dont feel particularly brave
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy from my platoon GGAL get hurt, even Auctioneers if that linebackers meant i got Dodgy hurt myself RS he said, adding: " " i don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i Rena wasn ' t TALE prepared Eddy to see another guy asmany from my platoon get hurt, even if that meant i got Matt hurt myself he said, adding: " " i don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt, even if that mean i got hurt myself he said, adding: " " ane don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
" i wasn ' t prepared to go through another guy from my platoon get hurt, yet if that meant 1 got hurt myself atomic number 2 said, adding: " " i don ' t feel particularly brave. " " "
2
"I, along with others, ran towards another room but I fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg Majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said."
i along with others ran towards another room blood i fell down in hospital but oozing out of my leg majid lying and the saw in his school uniform said
i along with others towards ran another room but i fell saw and in blood oozing out of my leg majid lying down the hospital in his school uniform said
i along with others ran another room but i fell and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid lying in the hospital in his school uniform said
i along with others ran towards another room but i down and saw out of my leg majid lying in the hospital in his school uniform said
" i, along with others, ran towards another room but Medefield i fell down and saw blood Tankan oozing out Francois of my leg majid, Carney lying in the hospital in his school uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, A. ran towards BINS another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg Heart majid, lying in the hospital TopClass in his school uniform, said. "
" unity, along with others, ran towards another room but i fell down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid, lie in in the infirmary in his school uniform, said. "
" i, along with others, run towards another room but i settle down and saw blood oozing out of my leg majid, lying in the hospital in his school uniform, say. "
2
If I do something wrong in shooting I'm not going to hurt myself she said.
if i do something wrong in shooting im not she to hurt myself going said
if i do something wrong myself shooting im not going to hurt in she said
if i do something wrong in shooting im going to hurt myself she said
if i do something wrong in shooting im not going to hurt myself she said
kick if i do something wrong in shooting i ' partisan m not going to hurt myself she said.
if i do something wrong in shooting i ' m not going Intercellular to Hedman hurt myself she said.
if i manage something wrong in shooting i ' m not going to hurt myself she said.
if i do something wrong in shooting i ' m not going to hurt myself she said.
0
I'm just glad I didn't fall down he said.
im fall glad i didnt just down he said
fall just glad i didnt im down he said
im glad i fall down he said
im just glad i didnt fall he said
i ' m just Rickey glad i didn ' AVCS t fall down he said.
i ' m just Langkopp glad i Dr. didn ' t fall down he said.
i ' m just glad i didn ' t fall fine tune atomic number 2 said.
i ' m just glad 1 didn ' t descend down he said.
0
I'm just glad I didn't hurt myself Heinz said of his somersault.
im just glad i didnt of myself heinz said hurt his somersault
im just glad somersault didnt hurt myself heinz said of his i
im just glad i didnt hurt myself heinz said of his somersault
im just glad i didnt hurt myself heinz said of his somersault
i ' m just glad i didn ' t hurt myself heinz said of Visi his Tabberson somersault.
i ' m Ralph just heaviosity glad i didn ' t hurt myself heinz said of his somersault.
i ' m just glad i didn ' t hurt myself heinz enunciate of his somersault.
i ' m merely glad ane didn ' t hurt myself heinz said of his somersault.
0
In the past I have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ANSA quoted Ciancio Sanfilippo as saying.
in the past i have received extortion threats which ciancio been regularly reported ansa quoted have sanfilippo as saying
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo saying as
in past i have received extortion threats which have been reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying
Tsantiris in the past i have received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as Daniel saying.
in the past Biasella i have received extortion threats which AAT have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
in the past i have received extortion threats which have represent regularly report ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
in the past i take received extortion threats which have been regularly reported ansa quoted ciancio sanfilippo as saying.
2
It was extortion but what could I do said Inshassi.
could was extortion but what it i do said inshassi
it was extortion but what i could do said inshassi
it was extortion but what could do said inshassi
it was extortion but could i do said inshassi
it was extortion wild but what could i teleconverter do said inshassi.
it was extortion but Renvela what could i do said Harold inshassi.
it be extortion but what could i execute said inshassi.
it was extortion but what could i exercise said inshassi.
2
Last year I crashed in the GS and hurt myself Goetschl said.
last year myself crashed in the gs and hurt i goetschl said
last year i crashed in said gs and hurt myself goetschl the
last year i crashed in the gs hurt goetschl said
last year i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl said
last year i crashed Whytes in the gs KURTI and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i NICOSIA crashed in Southern the gs and hurt myself goetschl said.
last year i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl enounce.
last year i crashed in the gs and hurt myself goetschl said.
2
"Never would I imagine there would be a tornado said the Rev. David Aja-Sigmon, pastor of the Fourth Avenue Presbyterian Church in Bay Ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window."
never would i imagine there the be a tornado said the rev david aja up pastor of would fourth he presbyterian church in bay ridge as avenue swept sigmon the remnants of the window
never swept i imagine there would be presbyterian tornado said the rev up aja sigmon pastor of the fourth avenue a church in bay ridge as he would david the remnants of the window
never would i imagine there would be a tornado said the rev david aja sigmon pastor of the fourth avenue church in bay as he swept up the remnants of window
never would i imagine there would be a tornado said the rev david aja sigmon pastor of fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of window
" Aquitania never would i imagine there would be Autistic a tornado said the rev. david aja - sigmon, activist pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants Adeniran of the window. "
" Dunbars never would i imagine there would be a tornado said the rev. david aja - sigmon, pastor of LFC the fourth avenue presbyterian Marlin church in bay Maddy ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
" never would i imagine on that point would be a tornado said the rpm. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the fourth avenue presbyterian church service in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
" never would i imagine there would be a crack cocaine said the rpm. david aja - sigmon, pastor of the quaternary avenue presbyterian church in bay ridge as he swept up the remnants of the window. "
2
One evening I was attacked on the ramparts of Saint Malo and left for dead he said.
evening one i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said
one evening i dead attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for was he said
one evening i attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for dead he said
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts saint malo and left for he said
MFG one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint Stygia malo and left for dead he said.
one evening i Za was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo unencumbered and left for dead he said.
one evening i was attacked on the ramparts of saint malo and left for deadened he tell.
one evening i was attacked on the rampart of saint malo and left for dead he said.
2
"One time I cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter-of-factly, recalling a gash to her foot from broken glass."
one time i the myself and cut veins spurted she broken matter of factly recalling a gash to her foot from adds glass
one veins i cut myself and the time spurted she adds matter of factly recalling foot gash to her a from broken glass
one i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter of factly recalling a to her from broken glass
one i cut myself the veins spurted she adds matter of factly recalling a gash to her from broken glass
" one time i cut myself and Yoga the veins FortisBC spurted she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her foot Rohan from broken glass. "
" one time i cut myself and the BELLE veins spurted Geoffrey she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash OOT to her foot from broken glass. "
" one time i cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, recalling a gash to her ft from broken glass. "
" one time one cut myself and the veins spurted she adds matter - of - factly, call back a gash to her invertebrate foot from broken glass. "
2
"Since I was working in an office, I didn't feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said."
since i was working in an office i feel didnt threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since i was in working an office i didnt feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since was working in an office i didnt feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said
since i was working in an office i didnt feel threatened even when mortars were fired he said
" KentuckyFriedCruelty.com since i was working in an office, i didn ' t intellectualization feel threatened Badash even when mortars were fired he said. "
" Mandalong since i was working in an office, Basher i didn ' t feel threatened even Lim when mortars were fired he said. "
" since i was working in an role, i didn ' t feel jeopardize even when mortars were fired he said. "
" since i was working in an office, i didn ' t feel endanger even when mortars be fired helium said. "
0
The idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better or here going back she said
the it of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether idea is better here or going back she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes wonder whether it is better here or going back she said
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here or going back she
the idea of military persecution Casa sometimes makes me wonder whether it is better here Slimer or going back she said.
the idea of Kobriger military persecution sometimes makes me wonder ##Dec whether it is better here or going back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes makes me wonder whether it is well here or perish back she said.
the idea of military persecution sometimes bring in me wonder whether information technology is better here or going back she said.
2
The truth is that I hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding Radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
the truth in that i in myself hurt a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said is a statement issued by the team
the truth is that i hurt by in a statement while snowboarding radmanovic said in a fall issued myself the team
the truth is hurt myself in fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement by the team
the truth is that i hurt myself in fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team
the truth is that i Louis hurt myself in Cadbury a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said Alan in a statement issued by the team.
the truth is that i hurt myself in a topology fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in Semere a wiry statement issued by the team.
the truth is that one offend myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
the truth is that i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding radmanovic said in a statement issued by the team.
2
Then I fell down and found myself in the hospital when I opened my eyes he said.
then i fell the and found myself in down hospital when i opened my eyes he said
then i fell down and found myself in hospital the when i opened my eyes he said
then i fell down and found myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said
then i fell down and found in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said
then TGLN i fell down and found myself in the hospital when i opened unmuzzled my eyes he said.
then i fell down and found myself in the Foster@gripe2ed.com hospital when Birdsong i opened my eyes he said.
then i come downwardly and found myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said.
then i fall down and find myself in the hospital when i opened my eyes he said.
2
Then I felt something hot go through my flesh and I fell down said Alice Mbiviu.
then i felt something hot said through my flesh and i fell down go alice mbiviu
then i felt something hot go through my flesh down i fell and said alice mbiviu
then i felt something hot go my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu
then i felt something go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu
then i felt something Brette hot Imam go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
then i felt something hot starch go through my flesh and i fell down NTT said alice mbiviu.
and so i felt something hot go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
and then i felt something hot go through my flesh and i fell down said alice mbiviu.
2
"Then, suddenly the flood ended and I was in another city said Guldstrand, who found the boy at a Buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter."
then suddenly the flood ended and was i in another at said guldstrand who found the boy city a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter
then suddenly the flood ended who i and in another city said guldstrand was found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter
suddenly the flood and i was in city said guldstrand who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter
then suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand who found the boy at a buddhist where survivors sought shelter
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said GOT guldstrand, who found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors nCUBE sought Rizvia shelter. "
" then, suddenly the flood ended and i was in another city said Oh guldstrand, who found the boy at a Liam buddhist temple Mediplan where survivors sought shelter. "
" and so, suddenly the flood end and i was in another city said guldstrand, world health organization found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
" then, short the flood ended and i was in another city said guldstrand, world health organization found the boy at a buddhist temple where survivors sought shelter. "
2
"There are places that I don't even go anymore, for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said Salif, a Burkinabe Muslim from Abidjan's west."
there are a that i dont even go anymore for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces abidjans salif places burkinabe muslim from said west
there are salif that i dont even go anymore a fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said places for burkinabe muslim from abidjans west
there are places that i dont even go anymore for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif burkinabe from abidjans west
there are that i dont even go anymore for fear of being beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif a burkinabe muslim from abidjans west
" there are places that i don ' t even go anymore, ANZAC for fear of being beaten or Unbridled racketeered by the security forces said salif, Sykut a burkinabe muslim from National abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that i don ' t even go anymore, for fear of being WILL beaten van or racketeered by sleds the security forces #A/#A/#A/#A said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that i don ' t still live on anymore, for fear of be beaten or racketeered by the security forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' s west. "
" there are places that i don ' t even go anymore, for fear of being beaten operating theater racketeered by the security forces said salif, a burkinabe muslim from abidjan ' sec occident. "
2
"This morning I burned myself on some wire says Ramos' son William, a 7-year-old."
this morning i ramos myself on some wire says burned son william a 7 year old
myself morning i burned this on some wire says ramos son william a 7 year old
this morning i burned myself on some wire says ramos son william a 7 year old
morning i burned myself on some wire says ramos son william a year
" Burkina this morning i Certified burned myself on some wire says ramos ' son Samir william, a 7 - year - old. "
" this morning i burned myself on some wire says Saway ramos ' Aap son william, a 7 - Councilwoman year - old. "
" this morning i burned myself on some conducting wire suppose ramos ' son william, a 7 - twelvemonth - old. "
" this morning iodin burned myself on some wire says ramos ' son william, a seven - year - old. "
2
This was the first time I've experienced a physical assault Vilks said.
was this the first time ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
this was the first time ive vilks a physical assault experienced said
this was the time ive experienced physical assault vilks said
this was the time ive experienced a physical assault vilks said
this Jessica was the first time i ' ve Svetelsek experienced a physical assault vilks said.
this By was the first time i ' ve experienced a physical assault vilks JGB said.
this was the first time i ' ve experience a forcible assault vilks said.
this was the maiden time i ' ve experienced a physical assault vilks said.
2
What I fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i fear most is bought whoever waterways the piranhas will release them into natural that for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying
what i fear most natural that whoever bought the them will release piranhas into is waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying
what i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas release them into natural for fear of arrest he was quoted saying
what i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying
what TCO i fear most is that whoever bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways Assemblywoman for fear of arrest he was GeoSpatial quoted as saying.
Lindenhurst what i fear UWIC most is that whoever access bought the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i venerate most is that whoever bought the vulture will release them into natural waterway for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
what i fear near be that whoever bribe the piranhas will release them into natural waterways for fear of arrest he was quoted as saying.
2
"When I first got to the jail, I just about tried to hurt myself because I was so despondent about being labeled a serial killer he said."
when i first got to the jail i about about tried to hurt myself because i killer so despondent just being labeled a serial was he said
when i first got to the jail i just about tried to hurt he despondent i was so because about being labeled a serial killer myself said
when i first got to the jail i just about to myself because i was so despondent about being a serial killer he said
when i first got to the jail i just about tried to hurt myself because i was so about being labeled a serial killer he said
" when i acknowedged first got to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because i was BMP so despondent about being labeled QBE a vacant serial killer he said. "
" when i first WiredSafety.org got infantile to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because Hari i was so despondent about Tommy being labeled a serial killer he said. "
" when i first contract to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because i was so despondent about make up labeled a serial killer he said. "
" when i first got to the jail, i just about tried to hurt myself because i was so heartsick about being labeled a in series slayer he said. "
2
"When I heard the rumble of the flood, all the time I had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful Erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic."
had i heard the rumble of the flood all grateful time and had was to jump but the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the events out that the she when been able to save a family rabbit i that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic
when i to the rumble of the flood all the time i had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked by the a but grateful that she had been able heard save events family rabbit and that her cat was found the and shivering in wet attic
when i heard the rumble of the all the time i had was to out the window and to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked events but grateful that she had been to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet shivering in the
when heard rumble of flood all the time i had was to jump out the window and run ground said a tearful erdelyi still shocked the events but that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that her cat found wet and shivering in the attic
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, all the time i had Shalom was to husband jump BY out Grandville the window and run to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi, still shocked by SAUT the events but grateful that she had been able to eToken save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the Tumult attic. "
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, di all the time i had was to bedbug jump out the window Musikfest and run to higher ground said a licencia tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been able to save a family rabbit and that Shelley her cat ###### was found wet and Mattsons shivering in the attic. "
" when i heard the rumble of the flood, all the time i had embody to jump out the window and guide to higher ground said a tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had been capable to save a family rabbit and that her arabian tea was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
" when i heard the rumble of the torrent, all the metre unity had was to jump out the window and run to high ground said a tearful erdelyi, still shocked by the events but grateful that she had be able to save a family rabbit and that her cat was found wet and shivering in the attic. "
2
"You know I have previously been assaulted to near death Anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago."
you know i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar decade referring to a received he beating after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a said ago
you know i have previously to assaulted been near death anwar said referring to a beating he received after charges arrested on sex and corruption being a decade ago
you know i been assaulted to near death anwar said referring to beating he received after being arrested on and charges a decade ago
you i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said referring to a beating he after being arrested on sex and corruption charges decade ago
" you know Nathaniel i have previously Completely been assaulted to near death anwar Errol said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and corruption thermo charges a decade ago. "
" you Manhattan know PLoS i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being arrested on sex and Malakhov corruption charges 1st a decade ago. "
" you know i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a beating he received after being catch on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
" you jazz i have previously been assaulted to near death anwar said, referring to a beating atomic number 2 received after being arrested on sex and corruption charges a decade ago. "
2
"A few friends of mine and I, we seized three assault tanks."
a few friends tanks mine and i we seized three assault of
a few assault of mine and i we seized three friends tanks
a few friends of mine we seized three assault tanks
a few friends of mine and i we seized three assault tanks
" a few friends of Wachterhauser mine Rawamangun and i, we seized three assault tanks. "
" a few friends of mine Hb and i, seater we seized three assault tanks. "
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized three assault tankful. "
" a few friends of mine and i, we seized iii assault tanks. "
2
"And I also have been attacked, there were six people, skinheads. "
and i also skinheads been attacked there were six people have
and i also have been attacked there people six were skinheads
and i also have been attacked there were six people skinheads
i also have been attacked there were six people skinheads
" and i also General have been attacked, there #,###,### were six people, skinheads. "
" and i also have Stop been attacked, there were six campagne people, skinheads. "
" and i also have been attacked, there were six the great unwashed, bootboys. "
" and i as well have been attacked, there were six masses, skinheads. "
2
"Another woman told AFP:""I was raped together with my two daughters."""
another woman told afp i with raped together was my two daughters
afp woman told another i was raped together with my two daughters
another woman told afp i was raped together with my two daughters
another woman told afp i raped together with my two daughters
" another woman PowerOne told afp: " " i was Tercentenary raped together with my two daughters. " " "
" another woman told afp: " " i was Pursuer raped together with my wireless two daughters. " " "
" another woman tell afp: " " i was assault together with my two daughters. " " "
" another woman told afp: " " i was raped together with my two girl. " " "
2
"As I was sitting in the back of a Land Rover, it was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were going to be shot or ambushed."
as i was the in sitting back of a land rover it was the idea of not knowing not knowing if we or going to be shot were ambushed
as i was sitting in the back of were land rover it idea the was of not knowing not knowing if we a going to be shot or ambushed
as i was sitting in the back of a land rover it was the idea of not knowing knowing if we were be shot or ambushed
as i was sitting in the back of a land rover it was the idea of not knowing if were going to be shot ambushed
" as i was sitting in the back of a land rover, it was ® the idea of not knowing: not knowing if we were going Andalusian to UMPC be shot bartended or ambushed. "
" as i was sitting in Converj the back of a land rover, it HER2 was the idea of not knowing: not knowing if Muppet we were going to be Emily shot or ambushed. "
" as single was sitting in the back of a land rover, it was the idea of not jazz: not knowing if we were go to be shot or ambushed. "
" as i was sitting in the spinal column of a land rover, information technology was the idea of not knowing: non knowing if we were going to represent shot or ambushed. "
2
"At the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if I troubled them in any way."
at the beginning when they kidnapped me they threatened them kill me if i troubled to in any way
at beginning the when they kidnapped me they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way
at the beginning when they they threatened to kill me if i troubled in any way
at the beginning when kidnapped me they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they Philippe threatened Mulwa to kill me Fastest if i troubled them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they Shane kidnapped me, they threatened to kill me if ARLINGTON i troubled them Grim in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped maine, they threatened to kill me if i troubled them in any way. "
" at the beginning, when they kidnapped me, they imperil to obliterate me if i troubled them in any way. "
2
"Being young and sometimes immature, I initially panicked and made up a false story about how I hurt myself. "
being young and sometimes immature i initially a and made up panicked false story about how i hurt myself
being young and made immature i initially panicked and sometimes up a false story about how i hurt myself
being young and sometimes immature i initially panicked and made a false story about how i myself
young and sometimes immature i panicked and made a false story about how i hurt myself
" being Steven young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked Gary and made up a false story about how EECO i hurt myself. "
" Navab being young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked Councilman and made up a false story about how i Fasolino hurt myself. "
" being young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made up a false history about how i hurt myself. "
" being young and sometimes immature, i initially panicked and made upward a false story about how i hurt myself. "
2
But I am now a dad who can't take his kids to a football game on a Saturday because I am advised that we would be assaulted.
but i am now a kids take cant who his dad to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would be assaulted
but i am now a dad who cant advised his we to a football game on a saturday because i am take that kids would be assaulted
i am now a dad who cant take his kids to a game on a am advised that we would be
but i am a dad cant his to a football game on because i am advised that we would be assaulted
but i am now Tacet a dad who can ' t CEDs take his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised Bob that we would be assaulted.
but Index i am now a dad who can ' t take TRY#.## his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised PRNewswire that we would be assaulted.
but i am now a dad who can ' t take his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would embody assaulted.
but i am now a dad world health organization can ' t take his kids to a football game on a saturday because i am advised that we would represent assaulted.
2
"But I can be raped more easily when I sleep out on the road said Dhua's wife Janatika, covering her arms with threadbare old clothes."
but i can be raped more said when i sleep out on arms road easily dhuas wife janatika covering her the with threadbare old clothes
but can i be raped easily more when i sleep out on the road said dhuas wife janatika covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
but i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the road said dhuas janatika covering arms with threadbare clothes
but i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the road said dhuas wife covering her arms with threadbare old clothes
" but i can Yokem be raped more Greg easily when i sleep out on the road said dhua ' s Sexual wife janatika, covering her arms Dr with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can be raped more easily when i sleep out on the road Macedonian said raving dhua ' Dengkil s wife Twp. janatika, covering her arms with threadbare old clothes. "
" but i can be raped more easily when i log z's out on the road enjoin dhua ' s wife janatika, covering her arms with threadbare old apparel. "
" but i arse be raped more easily when i sleep out on the route said dhua ' s wife janatika, track her arms with threadbare sure enough clothes. "
1
But I did not hurt myself.
but i not did hurt myself
but i myself not hurt did
but i did not hurt myself
but i did not hurt myself
but i did not hurt CA myself.
but i did not Sveda hurt myself.
but i did non hurt myself.
but i did not spite myself.
0
But I haven't got into an accident.
but i havent got accident an into
into i havent got but an accident
but havent got into an accident
but i havent got into an accident
but i haven ' t Twitter got into an accident.
but i haven ' t got darker into an accident.
but i haven ' t catch into an accident.
but i haven ' t got into an accident.
0
But the flood waters demolished the house and I fell into the water.
but the flood waters demolished the house and i fell water the into
but the flood waters demolished the house and i fell into the water
but the waters demolished the and fell into the water
but the flood demolished the and i fell into the water
but the flood waters demolished the house and Bahr i Loening fell into the water.
GLOBE but the Nico flood waters demolished the house and i fell into the water.
but the flood waters destroy the house and i fall into the water.
but the flood water supply demolished the house and single fell into the water.
2
But the Santa Anas kicked up and I was surrounded by fire.
but the santa anas kicked up fire i was surrounded by and
but the santa anas kicked and up i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up and i was surrounded by fire
but the santa anas kicked up and i was surrounded by fire
oast but the santa anas kicked up and i shooting was surrounded by fire.
but the santa street anas kicked up and i was surrounded by Cinthia fire.
simply the santa anas kicked up and i was surrounded by fire.
but the santa anas kicked upward and i was surrounded by fire.
2
"But when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, Cellini said:""All I could see was fire."""
but when fire approached the gully had the plane where dug in cellini said all i could see was they
had said they approached the gully where the plane but dug in cellini when all i could see was fire
but when approached the gully where plane had dug in cellini said all i could was
but when they the gully where plane had dug in cellini said all i could see was
" but when they Otitoju approached the gully where the plane Shearwaters had dug fever in, cellini said: " " all i could see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, cellini Randy said: " " all Anna i could Marjeh see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane had dug in, benvenuto cellini said: " " all i could see was fire. " " "
" but when they approached the gully where the plane suffer dug in, cellini said: " " all i could catch was fire. " " "
2
"Even though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone else, I don't feel unsafe."
else though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone even i dont feel unsafe
even though there are so many feel all around bumping into everyone else i dont people unsafe
even though there are so many people around bumping into everyone i dont feel unsafe
even though there are so many all around bumping into everyone else dont feel unsafe
" even though there are so many people all Tallman around bumping into Istanbul everyone Chris else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even PENSACOLA though wedged there are so many people all around PARADE bumping into everyone else, i don ' t feel unsafe. "
" even though at that place be so many people all around bumping into everyone else, i don ' metric ton feel unsafe. "
" even though there are so many people all around bumping into everyone else, ane don ' t feel unsafe. "
0
"For the last several weeks, I have been attacked. "
several the last for weeks i have been attacked
for the several last weeks i have been attacked
for the last several weeks i have been attacked
for the last several weeks i have been attacked
" for the last weekly several weeks, ConnectPort i have been attacked. "
" Nolan for the last Funtleyder several weeks, i have been attacked. "
" for the last several weeks, unity have be attacked. "
" for the last various weeks, atomic number 53 have been attacked. "
2
"Frankly, I have a fear of bomb blasts and I will celebrate this day by sitting in front of TV with my family. "
frankly i have a fear of bomb with will i and celebrate this day by sitting in front of tv blasts my family
i this have a fear of bomb blasts and frankly will celebrate i day by sitting in front of tv with my family
frankly i have a fear of bomb blasts i will celebrate day by sitting in front of tv with my family
frankly i have a of bomb blasts and i will celebrate day by sitting in front of tv with my family
" frankly, i have Tsymbal a fear of bomb blasts and i will coach celebrate this day by sitting Hiroshi in front of tv with my family. "
" frankly, i have a fear Udyog of bomb blasts Holsing and i will celebrate this Escoffier day by sitting in front of tv with my family. "
" frankly, i have a veneration of bomb blasts and i will observe this day by sitting in front of television set with my family. "
" frankly, i have a fear of bomb blasts and iodin will celebrate this day by sitting in front of idiot box with my family. "
2
"Hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said ""I have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment."" "
eating collapsed after hirtzberger the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
being collapsed after eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before hirtzberger helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned being helicoptered to hospital for treatment
hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said i have been poisoned before helicoptered hospital for treatment
" Gross hirtzberger collapsed after agency eating the chocolate and said " " i have WuXi been poisoned before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapsed after eating the chocolate and said " " i have been Botaniex poisoned before being Shakespeare helicoptered to hospital for Odana treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapse after eating the chocolate and said " " i have been poison before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
" hirtzberger collapsed after eating the drinking chocolate and said " " i have been poison before being helicoptered to hospital for treatment. " " "
2
I accidentally fell down a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell down a flight stairs of
down accidentally fell i a flight of stairs
i accidentally fell down a of stairs
i accidentally fell down a flight stairs
i accidentally fell down a flight Ecole of stairs.
i accidentally Old fell down a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell down a flight of stairs.
i accidentally fell downward a flight of stairs.
2
"I almost fell down a couple of times, I had no power but I was fighting. "
i almost of down a couple fell times i had no power but i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple i times i had no power but of was fighting
i almost fell down a couple of times i had no power but i was fighting
i almost fell down a couple of times had no power was fighting
" nanopatterns i ERICA almost fell down a couple of times, i had no power but i was fighting. "
" i almost fell down a couple of times, i programas had no power Finan but i was fighting. "
" i almost fell down a twosome of times, i had no power but i was agitate. "
" i almost fell down a couple of times, i had no power but iodin was fight down. "
2
I am still in shock from the constant fear of death.
i in still am shock from the constant fear of death
i from still in shock am the constant fear of death
am still in shock from the constant fear of
am still in shock from the constant fear of death
i am still e in shock from the constant BVX fear of death.
repair i master am still in shock from the constant fear of death.
i am still in shock from the constant fear of end.
iodin am still in shock from the constant fear of death.
2
I believe so because I was shot from less than 20 metres.
i believe so because than was shot from less i 20 metres
i believe so because i metres shot from less than 20 was
i believe so because i was shot from less than 20 metres
believe so because i was shot from less than 20 metres
drug i believe so because Altrusa i was shot from less than 20 metres.
i believe so Mongol because i was shot from less than 20 DW metres.
i believe so because ace was shoot from less than 20 metres.
i believe thus because i was shot from less than 20 metres.
2
I came out with many others but I was attacked outside with a machete.
i came out with many but others i was attacked outside with a machete
i came out with but others many i was attacked outside with a machete
i came out with many others but i was attacked with a machete
i came out with many others but was attacked outside with a machete
i came out with shammy many others but i was attacked PPR outside with a machete.
i came out with Bainun many others but i was attacked outside NetApp with a machete.
i follow extinct with many others but i was attacked outside with a machete.
unity came out with many others but i was attacked outside with a matchet.
2
"I can't understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
i cant understand how in my own which state we were fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
i cant are how in my own state which we were fighting for we understand attacked by fellow citizens
i cant understand how in my own state which we were fighting for we are attacked by fellow citizens
i cant understand how in my own state were fighting for we are attacked fellow citizens
" i can ' t understand how, in my own Watchdog state, which SRPF we were Dibden fighting for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
" SALZBURG i can ' t understand how, in El my own state, which we were fighting for, we are NIEVES attacked by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t understand how, in my own state, which we were fighting for, we are assail by fellow citizens. "
" i can ' t sympathize how, in my own state, which we were push for, we are attacked by fellow citizens. "
2
"I couldn't hear anything, but I just know it was a tornado."
i couldnt hear anything but i just know was it a tornado
i couldnt hear i but anything just know it was a tornado
i couldnt hear anything but i just know it was tornado
i couldnt hear anything but i just know it was a tornado
" i couldn ' t hear anything, Rupsis but Gandhamardan i just know it was a tornado. "
" i couldn ' Tron t hear anything, but i just TaxMama.com know it was a tornado. "
" i couldn ' t hear anything, but i just experience it was a crack. "
" i couldn ' t hear anything, but i just sleep together it was a tornado. "
2
"I did not hurt myself at all, but looking back I realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
i did not hurt myself at realized but looking have i all how serious an accident it could back been
i did not hurt myself at all but could back realized i how serious an accident it looking have been
i not hurt myself at all but looking back how an accident it could have been
i did not hurt myself at all but looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have been
" i did not hurt myself Abdel at all, but looking back i realized how Team serious an accident Fantle it could have been. "
" i did Sparham not hurt myself at all, but Beazer looking back i Cindy realized how serious an accident it could have been. "
" i did not injure myself at all, only looking back i realized how serious an accident it could have constitute. "
" i did not hurt myself at all, but looking back i realise how good an fortuity it could have been. "
0
"I did not lose my home, and my husband and child are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes."
in did not the my home and my husband and child are safe but we are still traumatized by lose another and are too afraid to return home i case tsunami one comes
i did not lose my afraid and my husband and child are but in we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too home to return home safe case another one comes
i did not lose my home and my husband and are safe we are still traumatized by the tsunami are too to return home in case another one comes
i lose my home my husband and are safe but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too to home case another one comes
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and child SSL are safe, but we are BusinessWise still traumatized by the tsunami and ##MPa are too afraid to sweet return home in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and Laperal child are safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami Aarum and are too afraid to Abu'l return home Treyson in case another one comes. "
" i did not lose my home, and my husband and nipper are secure, but we are still traumatise by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one come. "
" iodine did not suffer my home, and my husband and child equal safe, but we are still traumatized by the tsunami and are too afraid to return home in case another one comes. "
2
I didn't hurt myself in the college series.
i college hurt myself in the didnt series
i didnt in myself hurt the college series
i didnt hurt myself in the college series
i didnt hurt myself in the college series
Transcoder i didn ' t hurt myself Agria in the college series.
Cody i didn ' t hurt myself Cloudhopper in the college series.
ane didn ' thymine hurt myself in the college series.
i didn ' t hurt myself in the college series.
0
I didn't hurt myself too bad.
i didnt hurt bad too myself
i didnt myself hurt too bad
i didnt hurt myself too bad
i didnt hurt myself too bad
i reputable didn ' t hurt myself too bad.
i didn ' t hurt myself too Minshull bad.
i didn ' t hurt myself besides bad.
i didn ' t hurt myself as well bad.
0
I don't remember being shot in the legs but I assume that was why I fell down.
i dont remember being shot in the but legs i assume that was why i fell down
i dont remember being shot in the was but i assume that legs why i fell down
i dont remember being shot in the but i assume that was why i fell down
i dont being shot in the legs but i assume that was i fell down
i don ' t remember being shot in the legs but i assume that was why i ##-##-#### fell Eliécer down.
www.tate.org.uk i don ' t remember being shot in the legs electronics but i assume that was why i fell down.
i don ' t remember being shot in the legs but i assume that was wherefore single fell down.
ane don ' t remember being shot in the legs but i assume that was why i fell down.
2
I feared for my safety at the TCP  traffic control point.
i feared for my safety at the tcp control traffic point
safety feared for my i at the tcp traffic control point
i feared for my safety at the traffic control point
i for my safety at the tcp traffic control point
i feared for my safety at the tcp Commissioner traffic I'mA control point.
i feared for my safety at the AC tcp traffic wuv control point.
i feared for my safety at the tcp dealings control point.
i feared for my safety at the tcp traffic control point.
2
I feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
likely feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more i to have an accident
i feel drowsy while accident on my bike and am more likely to have an riding
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely to have an accident
i feel drowsy riding on my bike and am likely to have an accident
i Mullova feel drowsy while riding on my bike and am more likely POTTERS to have an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and Hasta am more likely to have SAM an accident.
i feel drowsy while riding on my bike and cost more likely to deliver an accident.
i sense drowsy while depend on on my bike and am more likely to have an accident.
1
"I fell down and from then on, I couldn't remember anything. "
i fell down and from then anything i couldnt remember on
on fell down and from then i i couldnt remember anything
i fell down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
i fell down and from then on i couldnt remember anything
" i DAVIS fell down and from then on, i couldn ' t remember Chharia anything. "
" ENUMCLAW i fell down and from then on, i couldn ' t Powder remember anything. "
" i fell down and from then on, ane couldn ' t remember anything. "
" i fell downwards and from then on, i couldn ' t remember anything. "
2
I fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fell down for repeatedly cried and mercy
i fell down and repeatedly for cried mercy
i down and cried for mercy
i fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy
i fell down and repeatedly cried Martin for mercy.
By i fell down and repeatedly cried for mercy.
i fell down and repeatedly cried for mercifulness.
i fell down and repeatedly hollo for mercy.
2
I fell down and when I got up I saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell by and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on down 50 people maybe
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife trampled being on by 50 people maybe
i fell down and when i got up i saw my being trampled on by 50 people maybe
i down and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife being Lacambra trampled on by 50 Jerone people maybe.
i fell down and repeal when i got Glassman up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell down and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
i fell downward and when i got up i saw my wife being trampled on by 50 people maybe.
2
I fell down thought I had hurt my knee and was a bit scared.
i fell thought down i had hurt my knee and was a bit scared
i fell down thought i had hurt my was and knee a bit scared
i fell down thought i hurt my knee and was a scared
i fell thought i had hurt knee and was a bit scared
expressly i Slava fell down thought i had hurt my knee and was a bit scared.
Falcon i fell down thought i had RAFD hurt my knee and was a bit scared.
i fell down guess i had hurt my knee and equal a bit scared.
i fell down consider iodin had hurt my knee and was a bit scared.
2
"I fell down while bowling on Wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting."
i fell down while bowling and wednesday on that hurt my is you while the whole body to be perfect when you bowl need it back different when you are batting
i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my be batting need the whole body to bowl perfect when you back while it is different when you are you
i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when are batting
i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that my back you need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting
" i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole body Triffin to be perfect UML when you Western bowl while it is different NATIONAL when you are batting. "
" i fell down while Rabbi bowling on wednesday and that Dennehy hurt my back, you Sandling need the whole body to be perfect when you bowl while it is different when Lombard you are batting. "
" i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my spine, you need the unhurt body to constitute perfect when you bowl while it is different when you are batting. "
" i fell down while bowling on wednesday and that hurt my back, you need the whole soundbox to be perfect when you bowl while information technology is different when you are batting. "
2
I felt a shock and fell down.
i fell a shock and felt down
i and a shock felt fell down
i felt a and fell down
i felt a shock and fell down
i felt a Frierson shock and fell down.
Varsseveld i felt a shock and fell down.
i felt a shock and fell down.
i felt a stupor and fell down.
2
"I felt the air rushing through the house, and I thought it was a hurricane or a tornado."
i felt house air rushing through the the and i thought it was a hurricane or a tornado
i felt the air rushing through the house tornado i thought it was a hurricane or a and
i felt the air rushing through the house and i thought it was hurricane or a tornado
i the air rushing through the house thought it was a hurricane or a tornado
" i felt the Hassan air rushing through RESTORING the house, and i thought Maurilio it was a hurricane or a tornado. "
" Firstrust i felt the air rushing through the house, and i camouflage thought it was NIJMEGEN a hurricane or a tornado. "
" i felt the air rushing through the home, and i thought it be a hurricane or a tornado. "
" i felt the air rushing through the house, and i thought information technology was a hurricane or a crack. "
2
I got on the inside ski and I fell down.
i got on the inside ski i and fell down
i got on down inside ski and i fell the
i got on the inside ski and i fell down
i the inside ski and i fell down
i got ebullient on the inside ski and seat i fell down.
i med got on the use inside ski and i fell down.
i receive on the inside ski and i fall down.
i catch on the inside ski and i fell down.
2
I got on the inside ski and I fell down.
i and on the inside ski got i fell down
i got on ski inside the and i fell down
i got on the ski and i
i got on inside ski and i fell down
i got on the LAKELAND inside ski and i pianist fell down.
i got on the Bettencourt inside Querying ski and i fell down.
i got on the interior ski and i fell down.
i got on the inside ski and i fell downwards.
2
I had no fear of skiing off the piste.
i had skiing fear of no off the piste
i had no the of skiing off fear piste
i had no fear of skiing off the piste
i had no fear of skiing off the piste
i had no fear of Nuanetsi skiing off the piste.
i had Millhorn no fear of skiing off the piste.
i had no fear of ski off the piste.
i had no care of skiing off the piste.
0
I have been attacked 70 or 80 times.
i have times attacked 70 or 80 been
i have been 70 attacked or 80 times
i have been attacked 70 or 80 times
i have been attacked 70 or 80 times
i have been attacked Undying 70 or 80 times.
i have Oldland been attacked 70 or 80 times.
i have been attacked 70 or fourscore times.
i make been attacked 70 or 80 times.
2
I hurt myself a lot today so we'll see if I recover in time for the Tour Down Under.
a hurt myself i lot today so well see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself a lot today so well down if i recover in time for the tour see under
i hurt myself a lot today so well see if i recover in time for the tour down under
i hurt myself a today so well if i recover in time for the tour down under
Pb i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll see if demersal i recover in time for Stillness the tour down under.
i hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll Turret see if i recover McEwen in time for Joyriders the tour down under.
i wound myself a lot today so we ' ll see if i recoup in time for the tour down under.
1 hurt myself a lot today so we ' ll see if i recoup in clock time for the tour down under.
2
I jumped onto the track but I was afraid I would hurt myself.
i jumped onto the hurt but i was afraid i would track myself
i myself onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt jumped
i jumped onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt myself
i jumped onto the track but i was afraid i would hurt myself
i jumped onto the ConfigMgr track but i was Unbeaten afraid i would hurt myself.
i jumped onto the track but i was BMLD afraid Allison i would hurt myself.
iodine jumped onto the track but i was afraid iodin would hurt myself.
i jumped onto the track merely i was afraid i would hurt myself.
1
I knew it was a robbery.
i robbery it was a knew
i knew it robbery a was
i knew it was a robbery
i knew was a robbery
i knew it was Sheikh a robbery.
NOV i knew it was a robbery.
i knew it was a looting.
i knew it was a looting.
2
I knew it was a tornado or something.
i or it was a tornado knew something
i knew it was a something or tornado
i knew it was a tornado or something
i knew was tornado or something
i knew it was folllowed a tornado or something.
i cherry knew it was a tornado or something.
i knew it be a tornado or something.
i knew information technology was a tornado or something.
2
"I left because of the explosions and because I was threatened, simply because I'm a Shiite."
i left because of the explosions and a i was threatened simply because im because shiite
i left because of the explosions and because im was threatened simply because i a shiite
i left because of the explosions and because i was threatened simply because im a shiite
i because of the explosions and because i was threatened simply because im a shiite
" i left because of the explosions and Digicel because Kukali i was threatened, simply Hooping because i ' m a shiite. "
" i left Wessel because of the explosions Jarvie and because i was threatened, simply because By i ' m a shiite. "
" i left because of the explosion and because iodin was threatened, simply because i ' m a shiite. "
" i left because of the explosions and because i was threatened, simply because i ' megabyte a shiite. "
2
"I may not think about the theft when I wake up in the morning, but when I go to bed, it is on my mind. "
i may bed think about the theft when i wake up in to morning but when i go the not it is on my mind
i may not in about the theft when i wake up think is morning but when i go to bed it the on my mind
i may not think about the theft when i wake up in morning but when i go to bed it is my mind
i may not think about the theft when i wake up in the morning but when i go to bed it is mind
" Crossroads i may not think about the theft Godah when i wake up in the morning, but when i go to bed, it is on my GlobeeCom mind. "
" Husam i may not think about the theft when Bob i wake up in the morning, but when i go to bed, it is on AWEARNESS my mind. "
" i may not think about the theft when i wake up in the dawn, but when i go to bottom, it is on my mind. "
" i may not think about the theft when i wake astir in the morning, but when i move to bed, it is on my mind. "
2
I recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
i recognized what was happening and tsunami a feeling there was going to be a had
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was to going be a tsunami
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was to a tsunami
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami
i terrorist recognized what was happening and had a @ feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
Mosdell i recognized what was happening Ucits and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
i agnise what was happening and had a touch sensation there was going to be a tsunami.
i recognized what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami.
2
I remember a snowstorm Monday morning so we couldn't get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a long so morning monday we couldnt get out a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went snowstorm
appeared remember a snowstorm monday went so we couldnt get out a comedian whose name escapes me who i at dinner and morning long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so couldnt get out a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldnt out a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long
i remember a snowstorm monday morning so we couldn ' t get David out: a comedian whose name Jonathan escapes me who appeared Marva at dinner and went long.
i remember a snowstorm NV## monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a pm comedian whose #.#mtpa name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a blizzard monday morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose epithet escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
i remember a snowstorm mon morning so we couldn ' t get out: a comedian whose name escapes me who appeared at dinner and went long.
2
I think I scraped my tummy.
i tummy i scraped my think
i think i scraped my tummy
i think i my tummy
i think i scraped my tummy
ASPP i think i scraped my tummy.
i think i scraped my landau tummy.
i think one scraped my tummy.
i think i scrap my tummy.
2
I thought it was a tornado and that I wasn't going to live.
i thought it was to tornado and that i wasnt going a live
i thought it was a tornado and that i wasnt live to going
i thought it was tornado and that i wasnt going to live
i thought it was a tornado and that i wasnt going to
i thought it was a tornado and that i MAY wasn ' t Tantawy going to live.
EUCLID i thought it was a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to decourcy@sportingnews.com live.
i thought information technology was a tornado and that i wasn ' t going to live.
i thought it was a tornado and that 1 wasn ' t going to live.
2
I took one swipe and connected fairly well and didn't fall down.
i didnt one swipe and connected fairly well and took fall down
i took one swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall down
took one swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe and connected fairly well and didnt fall down
i took one swipe Colin and rocker connected fairly well and didn ' t fall down.
Dunphys i took one swipe and connected fairly well and Elsa didn ' t fall down.
i took one swipe and connected fairly well and didn ' t strike down.
i took one swipe and connected fairly well and didn ' t lessen low.
2
"I tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late. "
i tried to get to father out but a fire erupted nearby and everyone my me told get away or else it would be too late
i tried to get my father out but a fire away get and everyone told me to nearby erupted or else it would be too late
tried to get my father out but a fire erupted and told to away or else it would be too late
tried get my father but a fire erupted nearby and everyone me to get away or else it would be too late
" i tried to get my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and Levkovic everyone told me to get away KIF6 or else it would be lycanthropic too late. "
" ELLAVILLE i tried to get Fonality my father out, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to Attorney get away or else it would be too late. "
" i strain to get my father taboo, but a fire erupted nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too recent. "
" i tried to get my father out, but a flak erupt nearby and everyone told me to get away or else it would be too late. "
2
I tried to run away but I fell down and they kicked me again.
i tried to run away they i fell down and but kicked me again
i tried to down away but i fell run and they kicked me again
i tried run away but i fell down and they kicked me again
i tried to run away but i fell down and they kicked me again
i tried to run away Shobey but i fell down and they Maroochy kicked me again.
i Kasich tried to run away but i fell down and incubator they kicked me again.
i tried to run away but i fell down and they kicked me once more.
one tried to run away but i fell down and they sound off me again.
2
"I turned around and asked them to stop it, but they told me this was a robbery."
i but around and asked them to stop it turned they told me this was a robbery
i turned around and me them to stop it but they told asked this was a robbery
i turned around and them to but they told me this a robbery
i around and asked them to stop it but they me this was a robbery
" i turned Sergey around and asked them to Paid stop it, but Avian they told me this was a robbery. "
" i turned around and asked them to Teveldal stop it, but Westland they told me saltwater this was a robbery. "
" i turned around and take them to stop it, but they told me this was a looting. "
" i turned round and asked them to stop it, but they told me this be a robbery. "
2
"I was assaulted twice, and staff were assaulted numerous times."
were was assaulted twice and staff i assaulted numerous times
staff was assaulted twice and i were assaulted numerous times
i was twice and staff were assaulted numerous times
i was assaulted twice and were assaulted numerous times
" i was Luke assaulted Jeffrey twice, and staff were assaulted numerous times. "
" i DEVELOPMENT was assaulted twice, and staff were assaulted Riecke numerous times. "
" i was assaulted twice, and staff were attack numerous times. "
" i was assaulted twice, and faculty were assaulted numerous times. "
2
I was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun.
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman assault an with gun
i was convicted and sentenced by a an madman with depraved assault gun
i was convicted and sentenced by depraved madman with an assault gun
i was and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun
i was convicted and leadfoots sentenced by Common a depraved madman with an assault gun.
i was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an Yelm assault Bugzilla gun.
iodine was convicted and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault artillery.
i was convict and sentenced by a depraved madman with an assault gun.
2
I was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is difficult Golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a car accident last month as my the is difficult golden said and she walked slowly past the security gates with arthritis help of a walker
i was in a car accident last month and my arthritis is security golden said as she difficult slowly past the walked gates with the help of a walker
in a car last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she past the security gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car accident and my arthritis is difficult golden as walked slowly past security gates with the help of a walker
i was in a car accident last month Vipul and my arthritis is difficult golden collapsible said as she walked slowly past the security gates with PC the help of a walker.
i was Kiss in a car inseparability accident last month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help OROVILLE of a walker.
i was in a car accident last calendar month and my arthritis is difficult golden said as she walked lento past the security gates with the help of a walker.
i was in a car accident last month and my arthritis be difficult fortunate said as she walked slowly past the security gates with the help of a walker.
2
I was in a number of car accidents before.
in was i a number of car accidents before
i of in a number was car accidents before
i was in a number of car accidents before
i was in a number of car accidents before
i was in a number of car merely accidents before.
i was in a number of car accidents Humlhanz before.
i was in a number of auto accidents before.
i was in a numeral of car accidents before.
2
I was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the kind would boy my mother of have wanted me to marry
i wanted raped by the kind of boy my mother would have was me to marry
was raped by the kind of boy my mother have wanted me to marry
i was raped by the kind of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry
i was raped by the Bestex kind of boy my mother would have Motion wanted me to marry.
i was Blair raped by the kind of boy my mother would have Lee wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the sort of boy my mother would have wanted me to marry.
i was raped by the kind of son my mother would have wanted me to wed.
2
I was robbed a few times and my shop was fired it.
i was robbed a times few and my shop was fired it
i was robbed and few times a my shop was fired it
i was robbed a few times and my shop was fired it
i was robbed a few times and my shop was fired it
i was robbed Emily a few times and my biowarfare shop was fired it.
i was robbed a few times Overviews and my shop patented was fired it.
i was robbed a few times and my shop be fired information technology.
i make up robbed a few times and my workshop was fired it.
2
I was running with fire behind me.
i running was with fire behind me
i was with running fire behind me
i was with fire behind me
i was running with fire behind me
i was running Rati with fire behind me.
i was running with fire DeMoro behind me.
i was run with fire behind me.
i was running with flame behind me.
2
"I was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of drowning."
i was shocked from the experience dead the bodies and the fear of drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies of the fear and drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
i was shocked from the experience the dead bodies and the fear of drowning
" i was CoreStream shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and the fear of Pessimistic drowning. "
" i cambium was shocked from the experience, the dead bodies and Beckham the fear of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the dead physical structure and the awe of drowning. "
" i was shocked from the experience, the stagnant bodies and the fear of drowning. "
2
I was threatened a year back and since then I have stopped working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working stopped and driving
then was threatened a year back and since i i have stopped working and stopped driving
i was threatened a year back and since then i have working and stopped driving
i was threatened a year back and since then i have stopped working and stopped driving
i was threatened a year back and Nicolas since then i have stopped working parliament and stopped driving.
Reappoints i was threatened a year back and since then i have Hamm stopped working and stopped driving.
one was endanger a year back and since then i have stopped working and stopped driving.
i was threatened a class back and since then i have stopped working and stopped driving.
2
I was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
i was threatened and there were to to force me attempts cooperate
i was threatened and there me attempts to force were to cooperate
i was and there were attempts to force to cooperate
i was threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate
Aaaaah i was threatened and there were Carmen attempts to force me to cooperate.
i was threatened Leventritt and there were attempts to force me Snuggie to cooperate.
atomic number 53 be threatened and there were attempts to force me to cooperate.
unity was threatened and there were attempt to force me to cooperate.
2
I was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the final that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the crash
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least the 3km from than final
i trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than from the final
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final
i was trapped in the crash that took place in the bunch at COGNOS least than 3km from the Kansai final.
i was trapped HELD in the crash that Kgomotso took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i was trapped in the crash that demand place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
i make up entrap in the crash that took place in the bunch at least than 3km from the final.
2
"I was worried I was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so I changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip, too good of a grip. "
a was worried i was gonna better and fall and hurt myself so i changed to they shoes and tennis got a lot trip grip too good of i grip
i better worried myself was gonna trip and fall and hurt i so i changed to tennis shoes and they lot a got was grip too good of a grip
i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better too good of a grip
i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself so i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better grip too good of a
" i was worried i thinly was Ukrainian gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better Oracle grip, too good of apparent a grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall Ed and hurt myself, so i changed to tennis shoes and they got a lot better Lisbon grip, too good mitochondrial of a flame grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so i changed to tennis shoes and they got a pile better clasp, too good of a grip. "
" i was worried i was gonna trip and fall and hurt myself, so i changed to tennis place and they got a lot better grip, too good of a grip. "
1
"If I'd been alone I would have been attacked, too."
if would been alone i id have been attacked too
if attacked been alone i would have been id too
if id been alone i would have been too
if id been alone i would have been attacked too
" if i ' d Ron been alone i would Independent have been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d Plaster been alone i would have Brittney been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d live alone i would have been attacked, too. "
" if i ' d been alone i would have been attacked, too. "
1
"I'm not driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
im so driving so much not my likelihood of an accident is lower
im not driving is much so my likelihood of an accident so lower
im not driving so much so my likelihood of is lower
im not much so my likelihood of an accident is lower
" Hello i ' m not driving so much, so my Savoff likelihood of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m not driving Dreamfields so much, so clambers my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
" i ' m non driving so much, so my likeliness of an accident is lower. "
" one ' m not driving so much, so my likelihood of an accident is lower. "
1
"In a whisper she said:""When the landslide happened I just ran and ran."""
in a whisper said she when the landslide happened i just ran and ran
in a whisper when said she the landslide happened i just ran and ran
in a whisper she said the landslide happened i just and ran
in a whisper she said when the landslide happened i just ran ran
" in a Panchal whisper she said: " " when the REUTERS landslide visit happened i just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she said: " " #M#### when the Bulk landslide happened i Migdal just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she said: " " when the landslide happened i just ran and ran. " " "
" in a whisper she say: " " when the landslide happened i only ran and ran. " " "
2
In Baghdad I was threatened because I was a Christian.
christian baghdad i was threatened because i was a in
in baghdad i was threatened because a was i christian
in baghdad i was threatened because i was a christian
in baghdad i threatened because i was a christian
in baghdad Philippides i was threatened because i Camacho was a christian.
in baghdad i was threatened Glengariff because i READY was a christian.
in capital of iraq i be threatened because i was a christian.
in baghdad one was threatened because i constitute a christian.
2
In my first match I fell down and then I hit a backhand a little bit too late and I felt some pain.
in my first then i fell down and match i hit a backhand some little bit too late and i felt a pain
in my first then i fell down and bit i hit a backhand a little match too late and i felt some pain
in my first match i fell and then i hit a backhand little bit too late and felt some pain
in my first match i fell down and then i hit a backhand a little too late and i felt some pain
in my first match i fell Fahmi down and then i hit a backhand a ruler little bit too late and i felt some Nominee pain.
in Baiyaa my first match i fell down and then i Comparative hit a Ali backhand a little bit too late and i felt some pain.
in my first mates one fell down and then i hit a backhand a little bit too late and one felt some pain.
in my world class match i fell down and then i reach a backhand a little bit overly late and i felt some pain.
2
It is good that I didn't hurt myself but I damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day.
it is good that i didnt hurt myself but i damaged to enough to not it able be test the next day
it is good that i didnt to myself the i damaged it enough hurt not be able to test but next day
it is good that i hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the next day
it is i didnt hurt but i damaged it to not be able to test next day
it is invasions good that i OKP didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough Rare to not be able to test the next day.
Maj. it is good that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test AuthenTec the next deCODE day.
it is good that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the following mean solar day.
it is good that i didn ' t hurt myself but i damaged it enough to not be able to test the adjacent day.
0
I've been raped.
ive raped been
raped been ive
ive been raped
ive been raped
i ' greenwing ve been raped.
debone i ' ve been raped.
i ' ve been raped.
iodine ' ve been raped.
2
"I've gotten in car accidents, not paying attention to the road."
ive gotten in car accidents not paying to attention the road
ive gotten in car attention not paying accidents to the road
ive gotten in car accidents not paying attention to the road
ive gotten in car accidents paying attention to road
" i ' ve gotten in car accidents, Sabi not paying attention Commons to the road. "
" i ' ve Staatsburgh gotten CSSN in car accidents, not paying attention to the road. "
" i ' ve gotten in car accidents, not paying attention to the route. "
" i ' ve gotten in car accidents, not paying attention to the road. "
2
"I've had no accidents, no claims, no nothing."
ive had no accidents no no claims nothing
ive had no claims no accidents no nothing
ive had no accidents no claims no nothing
ive had no accidents no claims no nothing
" i ' ve Ponderlodge had no accidents, woven no claims, no nothing. "
" Pink i ' ve Great had no accidents, no claims, no nothing. "
" i ' ve had no accidents, no claim, no aught. "
" i ' ve had no fortuity, no claim, no nothing. "
0
"Luckily, I didn't hurt myself and I will try to get a good night's sleep and hopefully I'll be much better tomorrow."
luckily i didnt hurt will get i myself try to and a good nights sleep and hopefully ill be much better tomorrow
luckily i didnt hurt myself and i will ill to get sleep good nights a and hopefully try be much better tomorrow
luckily didnt hurt myself and i will try to get a good nights sleep and hopefully ill be much
luckily i didnt hurt myself and i will try to get a good nights sleep and hopefully ill be better tomorrow
" luckily, i didn ' t hurt Wadala myself and Gyaincain i will try to get Wasikowska a good night ' s sleep and Haviv hopefully i ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' NYSE t hurt myself and i will try to get a Austin good night ' s sleep and hopefully Klara i ' ll be much better Oddest tomorrow. "
" luckily, i didn ' t hurt myself and i testament essay to bring a good night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll be much better tomorrow. "
" luckily, 1 didn ' t injury myself and i will try to get a good night ' s sleep and hopefully i ' ll be a great deal better tomorrow. "
0
My family members and I were physically assaulted.
my family and members i were physically assaulted
my members family and i were physically assaulted
my family members and i were physically assaulted
my family members and i were physically assaulted
my family members and i were physically Jan assaulted.
my family members and i Mutual were physically assaulted.
my family member and i were physically assaulted.
my family members and i were physically assaulted.
2
"Now that I'm here in Kenya, I can live without the fear of my children being killed. "
now that im here of kenya i can live without the fear in my children being killed
now that im here the kenya i can live without in fear of my children being killed
that im here kenya i can live without the fear of my children being killed
now that im here kenya i can live without the fear of my children being killed
" now that i ' m here in kenya, i can live without the fear of Gernot my OF children being nKLR###### killed. "
" now that i ' m here Yellowstone in kenya, i minister can live without the fear Francoise of my children being killed. "
" now that i ' m here in kenya, i can live without the awe of my children being killed. "
" now that single ' m here in kenya, i can live without the fear of my tyke being killed. "
0
"O""h OK, I got raped when I was 12 years old"" she said."
when h ok i got raped o i was 12 years old she said
o i ok i got raped when h was 12 years old she said
o h ok i got raped when i 12 years old she
o h ok i got raped when i was 12 years old she said
" o " " SpeedBooster h ok, i DLP got raped when i was 12 years old " " Nick she said. "
" TelQuel o " " h Flying ok, i got raped when i was niggaz 12 years old " " she said. "
" o " " h ok, i catch ravish when i was 12 class old " " she said. "
" o " " h ok, i got raped when i was 12 years former " " she read. "
2
One day I went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my leg.
one day little went with my brother on bicycle a on the sand and had a i accident and scratched my leg
one day sand went scratched my brother on a bicycle on the i and had a little accident and with my leg
one day went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and little accident and scratched my leg
one day i went with my brother on a bicycle on sand and a little accident and scratched my leg
one day i went with jmonk@thestate.com my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and Klosinski scratched JGB my leg.
one day i went Aranda with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little ClearApp accident ECONOMIC and scratched my leg.
one day i went with my brother on a bicycle on the sand and had a little accident and scratched my branch.
one day i go with my brother on a bicycle on the amandine aurore lucie dupin and have a little accident and scratched my leg.
2
"One morning, as his mother waited for him to open his books, Briac told her:""I'm late because there was a snowstorm."" "
one morning late his mother waited for him to open his books briac told there im as because her was a snowstorm
one morning as snowstorm mother waited for him to open there books briac told her im late because his was a his
one morning as his mother waited him to his books briac told her im because there was a snowstorm
one as his mother waited for him to open his books briac her im late because there was a snowstorm
" one Kumasi morning, as his Interprofessional mother waited for him to Recs open his books, briac JAFFA told her: " " i ' m late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
" one morning, as his mother waited ALMODOVAR for him to open his books, briac told her: " " des i ' m late because Jennifer there was fossilized a snowstorm. " " "
" one morning, as his female parent waited for him to open his good book, briac told her: " " i ' m late because there was a snowstorm. " " "
" 1 morning, as his female parent waited for him to open his books, briac told her: " " 1 ' m late because thither was a snowstorm. " " "
2
Sadly I slipped and fell down.
sadly fell slipped and i down
sadly i down and fell slipped
sadly i slipped and fell down
sadly i slipped fell down
sadly i slipped and Katie fell down.
sadly i Douglas slipped and fell down.
sadly i slipped and fell downwardly.
sadly i slipped and fell down.
2
Some weeks I pay more in extortion than what I earn.
i weeks i pay more in extortion than what some earn
some pay i weeks more in extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i earn
some weeks i pay more buoying in extortion experimental than what i earn.
Safe some weeks i pay more in extortion than what rewritable i earn.
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what iodine earn.
some weeks i pay more in extortion than what i earn.
2
"That accident left me in shock, but I kept going,'Guevara said to a group of first-time migrants, listening intently."
a accident left me in shock but i kept going guevara said to that group of first intently migrants listening time
that accident left time in shock but i kept intently guevara said to a group of first me migrants listening going
that accident left me in shock but i kept going guevara said to a group first time migrants listening intently
that accident left shock guevara to a group of first time migrants listening intently
" CNIS that accident RETAINS left me in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said to a group Visits of first - time migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident Somaxon left me in shock, but i kept DANBURY going, ' guevara Jus said to a group of first - time migrants, listening intently. "
" that accident left me in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said to a group of beginning - clip migrants, listen intently. "
" that accident leave me in shock, but i kept going, ' guevara said to a group of beginning - time migrants, listening intently. "
2
That was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and I fell down.
that was when truncheon whole rained down on my blows body and i fell down
that was when truncheon blows rained down on fell whole body and i my down
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and i fell down
that was when truncheon blows down on my whole body and i fell down
that Isya was Okemo when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and i fell down.
that CTERA was when truncheon Alfa blows rained down on my whole body and i fell down.
that was when truncheon blows rain down on my whole body and i fell down.
that was when truncheon blows rained down on my whole body and ace fell down.
2
"The day after the theft, I alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the world."
day the after the theft i over authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all alerted the world
the day after world theft alerted i authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the the
the day the theft i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the
the day after the theft i alerted authorities make sure pictures of paintings were released all over the world
" the Hershberger day Karrin after the theft, i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings were released Adele all over the world. "
" the Brikama day after the theft, i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of Well the paintings were released OSHKOSH all over the world. "
" the twenty four hours after the theft, i alerted authorities to bring in sure pictures of the paintings were released all over the world. "
" the day after the theft, i alerted authorities to make sure pictures of the paintings be release all terminated the world. "
2
"The fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that I though there was an earthquake, so I ran without putting my shoes on said Kim Yong-Jae, a 42-year-old shop owner in the area."
the fire spread an fast after the first explosion that yong though there was area earthquake so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim i jae a 42 year old shop owner in the so
was fire spread without fast after the i explosion that first though there the an earthquake so i ran so putting my shoes on said kim yong jae a 42 year old shop owner in the area
the fire spread fast after the first explosion that i though there was an earthquake so i ran without putting my on said kim yong a year old shop owner in the area
the spread so fast after the first explosion that i an earthquake ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong jae a 42 old shop owner the area
" the fire spread so fast after the first Widjaja explosion, that i though there Sungai was Press an earthquake, so i ran without putting my shoes Kenley on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - year - TLR old shop owner in the area. "
" the fire spread so fast after Faiza the first explosion, that i though there Iwasa was singer an earthquake, SPELLS so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - year - Ultimate old shop owner in the area. "
" the fire spread so tight after the first blowup, that i though there was an earthquake, so i ran without putting my shoes on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - yr - honest to god shop owner in the area. "
" the fire spread so fast after the first explosion, that 1 though there was an earthquake, so i ran without putting my place on said kim yong - jae, a 42 - class - old store owner in the area. "
2
The truth is I hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
a truth is i hurt myself in the fall while snowboarding
fall truth is i hurt myself in a the while snowboarding
the truth is i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding
the truth is i hurt myself in fall while snowboarding
the truth homeostatic is i hurt myself in a Jackie fall while snowboarding.
the truth is i hurt myself in ELECTRIC a fall ChargePoint while snowboarding.
the truth represent i suffer myself in a fall while snowboarding.
the truth personify i hurt myself in a fall while snowboarding.
2
Then I was threatened with the murder of my six-year-old son.
then i was threatened of the murder with my six year old son
then i was threatened with the murder my of six year old son
then was threatened with the of my year old son
then i was threatened with the murder of my six year old son
then i was threatened with MOHAMMED the murder of my six - year - ##V old son.
then i was threatened with the murder of my six - year - Caylloma old Softley son.
then i was threaten with the murder of my six - year - one time son.
then i was threatened with the murder of my six - year - honest to goodness son.
2
"Then, when I was barely 18 and away at college, I was assaulted again, this time by someone I hardly knew and without my consent."
then when i was barely 18 and away at college i was assaulted again this time by someone i and knew hardly without my consent
then when i was barely 18 and my at college i was assaulted this again time by someone i hardly knew and without away consent
then when i was barely 18 away at college was assaulted again this time by someone i knew and without my
then when i was barely 18 away at college i was assaulted again this time by someone i knew without my consent
" then, when i was barely aquamarine 18 and away at rabies college, i Joachim was assaulted rotten again, this time by someone i hardly knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was barely 18 and away at college, i was assaulted again, this CNW time by ABPL someone i hardly knew BASN and without typoes@aol.com my consent. "
" then, when i was hardly 18 and away at college, i was assaulted once again, this time by someone i scarcely knew and without my consent. "
" then, when i was hardly 18 and forth at college, i was assaulted again, this time by someone i scarce knew and without my consent. "
2
"Though the explosion happened in the next compartment, I fell down on its impact."
though the explosion the in happened next compartment i fell down on its impact
compartment the explosion happened in the next though i fell down on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its impact
" though the explosion happened in the KUT next MediaBytes compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion Tempest happened in the next Holdings compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fall down on its impact. "
" though the blowup happened in the next compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
2
"Though the explosion happened in the next compartment, I fell down on its impact."
though the explosion happened in compartment next the i fell down on its impact
though impact explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its the
the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell on its impact
though the explosion happened in the next compartment i fell down on its impact
" though Compix the explosion happened in the next Packer compartment, i fell down on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i Neutral fell down International on its impact. "
" though the explosion happened in the next compartment, i fell downwardly on its encroachment. "
" though the plosion happened in the next compartment, i fell downward on its impact. "
2
Today I fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but I try to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell down again tennis it and my was getting painful a bit but i try to stay focused on it on
today i fell down again on it to it was getting painful a bit tennis i try and stay focused on my but
today i fell down again it and it was painful a bit i try to stay focused on tennis
today i fell down again on it and it was getting painful a bit but try stay focused on my
today i fell down again on Lone it and it was getting painful HPC a bit Lymph but i try to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell FactSpotter down again on it and it was Pasay getting painful a bit but i try Erik to stay focused on my tennis.
today 1 fell downwards again on it and it was getting painful a bit but i endeavour to stay focused on my tennis.
today i fell downward again on it and it was getting irritating a bit but i try to stay focused on my tennis.
2
"What can I say, Larry? I had an accident. "
i can what say larry i had an accident
what can i say larry accident had an i
what can i larry i had an accident
what can i say larry i had an accident
" what can i say, footballer larry? i had an keeper accident. "
" Corp what compatriot can i say, larry? i had an accident. "
" what can i say, larry? 1 make an accident. "
" what can i say, larry? i had an accident. "
2
"When I realized that it was an earthquake, it was too late to run off."
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was late too to run off
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was too off to run late
when i realized that it was an earthquake it was too late run
when i realized that it was earthquake it too late to run off
" when i parade realized that it was an Variances earthquake, it was too late to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an earthquake, infusions it was too J.Logano late to run off. "
" when i realized that it was an earthquake, information technology be too late to run off. "
" when i recognize that it was an earthquake, it was besides late to run off. "
2
"When I was assaulted, I was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
when i was assaulted wearing was 13 and i a school uniform
when i was assaulted wearing was 13 and i a school uniform
i was assaulted i was 13 and wearing a school uniform
when i was assaulted i was 13 and wearing a school uniform
" dopamine when i was Gaijin assaulted, i was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was 13 and wearing Naomi a defensive school uniform. "
" when i was assaulted, i was xiii and wearing a school uniform. "
" when i be assaulted, i was 13 and wearing a school uniform. "
2
"While I was passing through a Guptanagar  a communally volatile area, I was attacked by a mob."
while i was passing through a guptanagar mob communally volatile area i was attacked by a a
while i was passing through a guptanagar area communally volatile a i was attacked by a mob
while i was passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile i was attacked mob
while i was passing a guptanagar a communally volatile area i attacked by mob
" VAWA while i Chambal was Scan passing through a guptanagar a communally volatile area, i was attacked by a mob. "
" while i AND was passing through Consumer a guptanagar a communally volatile area, i Appix was attacked by a mob. "
" while ace was passing through a guptanagar a communally fickle area, i was attacked by a mob. "
" while i be pass through a guptanagar a communally volatile area, i be attacked by a mob. "
2
